
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000057                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                    57142500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                   57142500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 158352                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   164809                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                9711801                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 874004                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     5.88                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      931700                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        969699                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.inst         39168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.data         25344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.inst          3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.data          1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.inst          3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.data          1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.inst          3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.data          1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.inst          3264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.data          1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.inst          3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.data          1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.inst          3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.data          1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.inst          3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.data          1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.inst          3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.data          1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.inst          3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.data          1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.inst          3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.data          1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.inst          3264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.data          1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.inst          3264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.data          1152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.inst          3264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.data          1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.inst          3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.data          1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.inst          3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.data          1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu16.inst          3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu16.data          1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu17.inst          3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu17.data          1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu18.inst          3392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu18.data          1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu19.inst          3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu19.data          1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu20.inst          3392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu20.data          1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu21.inst          3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu21.data          1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu22.inst          3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu22.data          1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu23.inst          3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu23.data          1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu24.inst          3392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu24.data          1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu25.inst          3264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu25.data          1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu26.inst          3264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu26.data           960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu27.inst          3136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu27.data           960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu28.inst          3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu28.data          1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu29.inst          3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu29.data          1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu30.inst          3264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu30.data           960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu31.inst          3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu31.data          1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             196992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu00.inst        39168                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu01.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu02.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu03.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu04.inst         3264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu05.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu06.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu07.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu08.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu09.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu10.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu11.inst         3264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu12.inst         3264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu13.inst         3264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu14.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu15.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu16.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu17.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu18.inst         3392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu19.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu20.inst         3392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu21.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu22.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu23.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu24.inst         3392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu25.inst         3264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu26.inst         3264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu27.inst         3136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu28.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu29.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu30.inst         3264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu31.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        139968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks         2112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total            2112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.inst            612                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.data            396                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.inst             48                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.data             16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.inst             48                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.data             16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.inst             52                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.data             16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.inst             51                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.data             16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.inst             50                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.data             16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.inst             50                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.data             16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.inst             50                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.data             16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.inst             50                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.data             16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.inst             52                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.data             16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.inst             52                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.data             16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.inst             51                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.data             16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.inst             51                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.data             18                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.inst             51                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.data             16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.inst             52                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.data             16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.inst             52                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.data             16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu16.inst             50                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu16.data             16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu17.inst             48                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu17.data             16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu18.inst             53                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu18.data             16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu19.inst             50                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu19.data             16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu20.inst             53                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu20.data             16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu21.inst             52                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu21.data             16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu22.inst             50                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu22.data             16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu23.inst             48                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu23.data             16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu24.inst             53                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu24.data             16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu25.inst             51                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu25.data             16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu26.inst             51                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu26.data             15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu27.inst             49                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu27.data             15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu28.inst             52                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu28.data             16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu29.inst             52                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu29.data             16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu30.inst             51                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu30.data             15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu31.inst             52                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu31.data             16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                3078                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks            33                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                 33                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.inst        685444284                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.data        443522772                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.inst         53760336                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.data         17920112                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.inst         53760336                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.data         17920112                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.inst         58240364                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.data         17920112                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.inst         57120357                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.data         17920112                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.inst         56000350                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.data         17920112                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.inst         56000350                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.data         17920112                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.inst         56000350                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.data         17920112                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.inst         56000350                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.data         17920112                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.inst         58240364                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.data         17920112                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.inst         58240364                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.data         17920112                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.inst         57120357                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.data         17920112                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.inst         57120357                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.data         20160126                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.inst         57120357                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.data         17920112                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.inst         58240364                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.data         17920112                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.inst         58240364                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.data         17920112                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu16.inst         56000350                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu16.data         17920112                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu17.inst         53760336                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu17.data         17920112                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu18.inst         59360371                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu18.data         17920112                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu19.inst         56000350                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu19.data         17920112                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu20.inst         59360371                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu20.data         17920112                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu21.inst         58240364                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu21.data         17920112                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu22.inst         56000350                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu22.data         17920112                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu23.inst         53760336                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu23.data         17920112                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu24.inst         59360371                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu24.data         17920112                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu25.inst         57120357                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu25.data         17920112                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu26.inst         57120357                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu26.data         16800105                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu27.inst         54880343                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu27.data         16800105                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu28.inst         58240364                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu28.data         17920112                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu29.inst         58240364                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu29.data         17920112                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu30.inst         57120357                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu30.data         16800105                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu31.inst         58240364                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu31.data         17920112                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            3447381546                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu00.inst    685444284                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu01.inst     53760336                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu02.inst     53760336                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu03.inst     58240364                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu04.inst     57120357                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu05.inst     56000350                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu06.inst     56000350                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu07.inst     56000350                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu08.inst     56000350                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu09.inst     58240364                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu10.inst     58240364                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu11.inst     57120357                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu12.inst     57120357                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu13.inst     57120357                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu14.inst     58240364                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu15.inst     58240364                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu16.inst     56000350                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu17.inst     53760336                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu18.inst     59360371                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu19.inst     56000350                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu20.inst     59360371                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu21.inst     58240364                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu22.inst     56000350                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu23.inst     53760336                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu24.inst     59360371                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu25.inst     57120357                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu26.inst     57120357                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu27.inst     54880343                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu28.inst     58240364                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu29.inst     58240364                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu30.inst     57120357                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu31.inst     58240364                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total       2449455309                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        36960231                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             36960231                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        36960231                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.inst       685444284                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.data       443522772                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.inst        53760336                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.data        17920112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.inst        53760336                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.data        17920112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.inst        58240364                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.data        17920112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.inst        57120357                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.data        17920112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.inst        56000350                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.data        17920112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.inst        56000350                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.data        17920112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.inst        56000350                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.data        17920112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.inst        56000350                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.data        17920112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.inst        58240364                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.data        17920112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.inst        58240364                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.data        17920112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.inst        57120357                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.data        17920112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.inst        57120357                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.data        20160126                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.inst        57120357                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.data        17920112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.inst        58240364                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.data        17920112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.inst        58240364                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.data        17920112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu16.inst        56000350                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu16.data        17920112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu17.inst        53760336                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu17.data        17920112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu18.inst        59360371                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu18.data        17920112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu19.inst        56000350                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu19.data        17920112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu20.inst        59360371                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu20.data        17920112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu21.inst        58240364                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu21.data        17920112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu22.inst        56000350                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu22.data        17920112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu23.inst        53760336                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu23.data        17920112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu24.inst        59360371                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu24.data        17920112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu25.inst        57120357                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu25.data        17920112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu26.inst        57120357                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu26.data        16800105                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu27.inst        54880343                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu27.data        16800105                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu28.inst        58240364                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu28.data        17920112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu29.inst        58240364                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu29.data        17920112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu30.inst        57120357                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu30.data        16800105                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu31.inst        58240364                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu31.data        17920112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           3484341777                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        3079                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                         33                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      3079                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                       33                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 195008                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    2048                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                    1024                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  197056                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                 2112                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     32                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           16                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              1101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11               15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13               40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14               39                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                       525                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                      57135000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  3079                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                   33                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                     543                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     273                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     116                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      74                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      82                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                     111                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                     118                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                     158                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                     197                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                     209                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                    176                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                    113                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                     70                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                     43                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                     24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                     16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                     14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                     10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                     13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                     27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                     16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                     15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                     21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                     13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                     13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                    540                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples          670                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    289.241791                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   147.151529                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   363.011863                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127          366     54.63%     54.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          111     16.57%     71.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           27      4.03%     75.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           23      3.43%     78.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           11      1.64%     80.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767            9      1.34%     81.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            5      0.75%     82.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.45%     82.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          115     17.16%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total          670                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean           3024                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   3024.000000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev           nan                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total             1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev           nan                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16                1    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total             1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    200982750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               258114000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   15235000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     65960.86                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                84710.86                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                      3412.66                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        17.92                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                   3448.50                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     36.96                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        26.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                    26.66                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       5.46                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       9.26                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     2381                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       2                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 78.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                 6.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      18359.58                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    77.37                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                  4641840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  2532750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                21699600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy              3559920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy             37130940                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy               287250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy               69852300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower           1275.520760                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE       298750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF       1820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT      52658750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                   279720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                   152625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                 1614600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy              3559920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy             32182200                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy              4628250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy               42417315                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            774.550958                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      7480750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF       1820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT      45480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu00.branchPred.lookups                  9251                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu00.branchPred.condPredicted            6704                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu00.branchPred.condIncorrect            1192                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu00.branchPred.BTBLookups               3096                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu00.branchPred.BTBHits                  2337                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu00.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu00.branchPred.BTBHitPct           75.484496                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu00.branchPred.usedRAS                   981                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu00.branchPred.RASInCorrect                7                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls               1123                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu00.numCycles                         114286                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.fetch.icacheStallCycles            15234                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu00.fetch.Insts                        47141                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu00.fetch.Branches                      9251                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu00.fetch.predictedBranches             3318                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu00.fetch.Cycles                       52416                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu00.fetch.SquashCycles                  2571                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu00.fetch.MiscStallCycles                302                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu00.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          108                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu00.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          421                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu00.fetch.CacheLines                   14797                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu00.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 361                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::samples            69766                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::mean            0.803386                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::stdev           1.188951                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::0                  43729     62.68%     62.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::1                   9813     14.07%     76.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::2                   2436      3.49%     80.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::3                  13788     19.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::max_value              3                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::total              69766                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.branchRate                0.080946                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu00.fetch.rate                      0.412483                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu00.decode.IdleCycles                  13743                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu00.decode.BlockedCycles               33461                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu00.decode.RunCycles                   20770                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu00.decode.UnblockCycles                 830                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu00.decode.SquashCycles                  962                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu00.decode.BranchResolved               1008                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu00.decode.BranchMispred                 344                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu00.decode.DecodedInsts                44889                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu00.decode.SquashedInsts                4012                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu00.rename.SquashCycles                  962                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu00.rename.IdleCycles                  16909                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu00.rename.BlockCycles                  2537                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu00.rename.serializeStallCycles        15612                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu00.rename.RunCycles                   18397                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu00.rename.UnblockCycles               15349                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu00.rename.RenamedInsts                41564                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu00.rename.SquashedInsts                1311                       # Number of squashed instructions processed by rename
system.cpu00.rename.ROBFullEvents                  90                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu00.rename.IQFullEvents                   12                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu00.rename.LQFullEvents                    1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu00.rename.SQFullEvents                14800                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu00.rename.RenamedOperands             48041                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu00.rename.RenameLookups              195442                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu00.rename.int_rename_lookups          50579                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu00.rename.fp_rename_lookups              22                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu00.rename.CommittedMaps               37537                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu00.rename.UndoneMaps                  10504                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu00.rename.serializingInsts              167                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          164                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu00.rename.skidInsts                    2388                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu00.memDep0.insertedLoads               6695                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu00.memDep0.insertedStores              6511                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu00.memDep0.conflictingLoads             266                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu00.memDep0.conflictingStores            138                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu00.iq.iqInstsAdded                    39906                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               304                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu00.iq.iqInstsIssued                   37057                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             412                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          8347                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        20515                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           46                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        69766                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       0.531161                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      0.939004                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0             49777     71.35%     71.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              7669     10.99%     82.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              7823     11.21%     93.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              4249      6.09%     99.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4               245      0.35%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                 3      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            5                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         69766                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  3142     38.97%     38.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    4      0.05%     39.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     39.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0      0.00%     39.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     39.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     39.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     39.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     39.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     39.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     39.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     39.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     39.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     39.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     39.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     39.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     39.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     39.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     39.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     39.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     39.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     39.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     39.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     39.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     39.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     39.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     39.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     39.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     39.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     39.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 1673     20.75%     59.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                3244     40.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               24513     66.15%     66.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                135      0.36%     66.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     66.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     66.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     66.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     66.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     66.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     66.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     66.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     66.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     66.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     66.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     66.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     66.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     66.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     66.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     66.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     66.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     66.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     66.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     66.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     66.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     66.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     66.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            3      0.01%     66.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               6382     17.22%     83.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              6024     16.26%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::total                37057                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.rate                         0.324248                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu00.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      8063                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu00.iq.fu_busy_rate                 0.217584                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           152279                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           48544                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        35079                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                76                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes               28                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu00.iq.int_alu_accesses                45072                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.iq.fp_alu_accesses                    48                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads             92                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         1776                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           16                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          993                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           14                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          183                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu00.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu00.iew.iewSquashCycles                  962                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu00.iew.iewBlockCycles                   595                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu00.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 449                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             40225                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                6695                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               6511                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              162                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu00.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    4                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 444                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           16                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           32                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect          897                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu00.iew.branchMispredicts                929                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu00.iew.iewExecutedInsts               35790                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                5961                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            1267                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu00.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu00.iew.exec_nop                          15                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu00.iew.exec_refs                      11794                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu00.iew.exec_branches                   5798                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu00.iew.exec_stores                     5833                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu00.iew.exec_rate                   0.313162                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu00.iew.wb_sent                        35318                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu00.iew.wb_count                       35107                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu00.iew.wb_producers                   17300                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu00.iew.wb_consumers                   31239                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu00.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu00.iew.wb_rate                     0.307185                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu00.iew.wb_fanout                   0.553795                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu00.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu00.commit.commitSquashedInsts          7075                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           258                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu00.commit.branchMispredicts             869                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        68312                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.466433                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.169838                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        53231     77.92%     77.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         8335     12.20%     90.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         2756      4.03%     94.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         1219      1.78%     95.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          823      1.20%     97.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         1193      1.75%     98.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          387      0.57%     99.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          164      0.24%     99.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8          204      0.30%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        68312                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committedInsts              26777                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.commit.committedOps                31863                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu00.commit.refs                        10437                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu00.commit.loads                        4919                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu00.commit.membars                       120                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu00.commit.branches                     5210                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu00.commit.fp_insts                       28                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu00.commit.int_insts                   27413                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu00.commit.function_calls                422                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          21288     66.81%     66.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           135      0.42%     67.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     67.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     67.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     67.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     67.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     67.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     67.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     67.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     67.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     67.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     67.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     67.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     67.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     67.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            3      0.01%     67.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     67.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          4919     15.44%     82.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         5518     17.32%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::total           31863                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.bw_lim_events                 204                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu00.rob.rob_reads                     105979                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu00.rob.rob_writes                     79334                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu00.timesIdled                           454                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu00.idleCycles                         44520                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu00.committedInsts                     26777                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu00.committedOps                       31863                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu00.cpi                             4.268066                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu00.cpi_total                       4.268066                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu00.ipc                             0.234298                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu00.ipc_total                       0.234298                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu00.int_regfile_reads                  43073                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu00.int_regfile_writes                 19529                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu00.fp_regfile_reads                    4982                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu00.fp_regfile_writes                      6                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu00.cc_regfile_reads                  124015                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu00.cc_regfile_writes                  21396                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu00.misc_regfile_reads                 13885                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu00.misc_regfile_writes                  114                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.replacements              44                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         195.057433                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.total_refs              9573                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             359                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.avg_refs           26.665738                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   195.057433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.190486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.190486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          315                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          284                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.307617                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           22723                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.data_accesses          22723                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.data         5444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          5444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu00.data         4035                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         4035                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu00.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu00.data           50                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           50                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu00.data           51                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           51                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::cpu00.data         9479                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total           9479                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::cpu00.data         9481                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total          9481                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.data          240                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          240                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu00.data         1332                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1332                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu00.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu00.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::cpu00.data         1572                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         1572                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::cpu00.data         1572                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         1572                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu00.data     16324997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16324997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu00.data    103423970                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    103423970                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu00.data       160500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       160500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu00.data        36499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        36499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu00.data    119748967                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    119748967                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu00.data    119748967                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    119748967                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.data         5684                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5684                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu00.data         5367                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         5367                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu00.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu00.data           54                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu00.data           54                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu00.data        11051                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total        11051                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu00.data        11053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total        11053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.042224                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.042224                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.248183                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.248183                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.074074                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.074074                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.055556                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.055556                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.142250                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.142250                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.142224                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.142224                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu00.data 68020.820833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68020.820833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu00.data 77645.623123                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77645.623123                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu00.data        40125                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        40125                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu00.data 12166.333333                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12166.333333                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu00.data 76176.187659                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76176.187659                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu00.data 76176.187659                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76176.187659                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           94                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        10687                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets           104                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    15.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   102.759615                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           33                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total              33                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu00.data           85                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           85                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu00.data         1082                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1082                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu00.data         1167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu00.data         1167                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1167                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu00.data          155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu00.data          250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu00.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu00.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu00.data          405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu00.data          405                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          405                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.data     11450750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11450750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.data     19289755                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     19289755                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.data       146500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       146500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.data        26001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        26001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.data     30740505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     30740505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.data     30740505                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     30740505                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.027270                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027270                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.046581                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046581                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.074074                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.074074                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.055556                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055556                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.036648                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036648                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.036642                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036642                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.data 73875.806452                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73875.806452                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.data 77159.020000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77159.020000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.data        36625                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        36625                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.data         8667                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         8667                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.data 75902.481481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75902.481481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.data 75902.481481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75902.481481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.icache.tags.replacements             236                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tags.tagsinuse         269.197512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.tags.total_refs             14027                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.sampled_refs             612                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.avg_refs           22.919935                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   269.197512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.525776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.525776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          376                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          303                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.734375                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.tag_accesses           30196                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu00.icache.tags.data_accesses          30196                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.inst        14027                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         14027                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::cpu00.inst        14027                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total          14027                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::cpu00.inst        14027                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total         14027                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.inst          765                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          765                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::cpu00.inst          765                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total          765                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::cpu00.inst          765                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total          765                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu00.inst     47499739                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     47499739                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu00.inst     47499739                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     47499739                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu00.inst     47499739                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     47499739                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.inst        14792                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        14792                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::cpu00.inst        14792                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total        14792                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::cpu00.inst        14792                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total        14792                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.051717                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.051717                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.051717                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.051717                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.051717                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.051717                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu00.inst 62091.162092                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62091.162092                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu00.inst 62091.162092                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62091.162092                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu00.inst 62091.162092                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62091.162092                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        12981                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           15                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs             158                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    82.158228                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets            5                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu00.inst          152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu00.inst          152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu00.inst          152                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          152                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu00.inst          613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu00.inst          613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu00.inst          613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.inst     38170742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38170742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.inst     38170742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     38170742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.inst     38170742                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     38170742                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.041441                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041441                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.041441                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041441                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.041441                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041441                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.inst 62268.747145                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62268.747145                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.inst 62268.747145                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62268.747145                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.inst 62268.747145                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62268.747145                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.branchPred.lookups                 11776                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu01.branchPred.condPredicted           11069                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu01.branchPred.condIncorrect             169                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu01.branchPred.BTBLookups               5925                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu01.branchPred.BTBHits                  5835                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu01.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu01.branchPred.BTBHitPct           98.481013                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu01.branchPred.usedRAS                   315                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu01.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                          42316                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.fetch.icacheStallCycles             1623                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu01.fetch.Insts                        48896                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu01.fetch.Branches                     11776                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu01.fetch.predictedBranches             6150                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu01.fetch.Cycles                       31788                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu01.fetch.SquashCycles                   445                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu01.fetch.MiscStallCycles                119                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          233                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu01.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           40                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu01.fetch.CacheLines                   12864                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu01.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  32                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::samples            34025                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.524291                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::stdev           1.239963                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::0                   8796     25.85%     25.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::1                  11711     34.42%     60.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::2                    401      1.18%     61.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::3                  13117     38.55%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::max_value              3                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::total              34025                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.branchRate                0.278287                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu01.fetch.rate                      1.155497                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu01.decode.IdleCycles                   1915                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu01.decode.BlockedCycles                8737                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu01.decode.RunCycles                   22780                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu01.decode.UnblockCycles                 396                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu01.decode.SquashCycles                  197                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu01.decode.BranchResolved                295                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu01.decode.BranchMispred                  27                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu01.decode.DecodedInsts                48246                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu01.decode.SquashedInsts                 614                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu01.rename.SquashCycles                  197                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu01.rename.IdleCycles                   2636                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu01.rename.BlockCycles                  2253                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu01.rename.serializeStallCycles         6081                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu01.rename.RunCycles                   22412                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu01.rename.UnblockCycles                 446                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu01.rename.RenamedInsts                47385                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu01.rename.SquashedInsts                 198                       # Number of squashed instructions processed by rename
system.cpu01.rename.ROBFullEvents                 289                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu01.rename.SQFullEvents                   16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu01.rename.RenamedOperands             83351                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu01.rename.RenameLookups              229700                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu01.rename.int_rename_lookups          63604                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu01.rename.CommittedMaps               81086                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu01.rename.UndoneMaps                   2264                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu01.rename.serializingInsts               84                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu01.rename.tempSerializingInsts           84                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu01.rename.skidInsts                    1018                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu01.memDep0.insertedLoads               6678                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu01.memDep0.insertedStores              1216                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu01.memDep0.conflictingLoads             424                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu01.memDep0.conflictingStores            245                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu01.iq.iqInstsAdded                    47019                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               157                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu01.iq.iqInstsIssued                   46729                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              44                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          1605                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined         3343                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        34025                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.373373                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      1.102451                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0             10838     31.85%     31.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              5420     15.93%     47.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             12075     35.49%     83.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              5609     16.48%     99.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                83      0.24%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         34025                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  6693     80.33%     80.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    2      0.02%     80.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     80.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     80.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     80.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     80.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     80.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     80.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     80.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     80.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     80.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     80.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     80.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     80.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     80.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     80.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     80.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     80.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     80.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     80.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     80.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     80.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     80.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  697      8.37%     88.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 940     11.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               38820     83.07%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 51      0.11%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               6704     14.35%     97.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              1154      2.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::total                46729                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.rate                         1.104287                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu01.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      8332                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu01.iq.fu_busy_rate                 0.178305                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           135856                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           48784                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        46237                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu01.iq.int_alu_accesses                55061                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              1                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          323                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            3                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          192                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           49                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            2                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu01.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu01.iew.iewSquashCycles                  197                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu01.iew.iewBlockCycles                    57                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu01.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   2                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             47178                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                6678                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               1216                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               84                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu01.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    2                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                   0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            3                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           50                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect          101                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu01.iew.branchMispredicts                151                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu01.iew.iewExecutedInsts               46423                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                6606                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             303                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu01.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu01.iew.exec_nop                           2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu01.iew.exec_refs                       7722                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu01.iew.exec_branches                  10849                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu01.iew.exec_stores                     1116                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu01.iew.exec_rate                   1.097055                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu01.iew.wb_sent                        46297                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu01.iew.wb_count                       46237                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu01.iew.wb_producers                   32549                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu01.iew.wb_consumers                   55826                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu01.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu01.iew.wb_rate                     1.092660                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu01.iew.wb_fanout                   0.583044                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu01.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu01.commit.commitSquashedInsts          1270                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           143                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu01.commit.branchMispredicts             144                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        33772                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.349372                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.776759                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        11989     35.50%     35.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        15451     45.75%     81.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2          614      1.82%     83.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3          409      1.21%     84.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          121      0.36%     84.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         4410     13.06%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          466      1.38%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          161      0.48%     99.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8          151      0.45%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        33772                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committedInsts              44024                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.commit.committedOps                45571                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu01.commit.refs                         7379                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu01.commit.loads                        6355                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu01.commit.membars                        60                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu01.commit.branches                    10775                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu01.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu01.commit.int_insts                   35064                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu01.commit.function_calls                164                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          38141     83.70%     83.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            51      0.11%     83.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     83.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     83.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     83.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     83.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     83.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     83.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     83.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     83.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          6355     13.95%     97.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         1024      2.25%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::total           45571                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.bw_lim_events                 151                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu01.rob.rob_reads                      79812                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu01.rob.rob_writes                     93947                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu01.timesIdled                            49                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu01.idleCycles                          8291                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu01.quiesceCycles                      71969                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu01.committedInsts                     44024                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu01.committedOps                       45571                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu01.cpi                             0.961203                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu01.cpi_total                       0.961203                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu01.ipc                             1.040363                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu01.ipc_total                       1.040363                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu01.int_regfile_reads                  61991                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu01.int_regfile_writes                 19554                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu01.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu01.cc_regfile_reads                  158796                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu01.cc_regfile_writes                  62406                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu01.misc_regfile_reads                  8967                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu01.misc_regfile_writes                  143                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           7.884319                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.total_refs              7433                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              30                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.avg_refs          247.766667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.data     7.884319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.007700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.007700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.029297                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           15173                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.data_accesses          15173                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.data         6453                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          6453                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu01.data          967                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          967                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu01.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu01.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::cpu01.data         7420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total           7420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::cpu01.data         7421                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total          7421                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.data           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu01.data           21                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           21                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu01.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu01.data           31                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           31                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu01.data            9                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            9                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::cpu01.data           84                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total           84                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::cpu01.data           85                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total           85                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu01.data      8607750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8607750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu01.data      7167000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7167000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu01.data      1240413                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1240413                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu01.data        37000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        37000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu01.data       584000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       584000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu01.data     15774750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     15774750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu01.data     15774750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     15774750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.data         6516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu01.data          988                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          988                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu01.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu01.data           33                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           33                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu01.data            9                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            9                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu01.data         7504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total         7504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu01.data         7506                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total         7506                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.009669                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009669                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.021255                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.021255                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.939394                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.939394                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.011194                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011194                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.011324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu01.data 136630.952381                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 136630.952381                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu01.data 341285.714286                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 341285.714286                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu01.data 40013.322581                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40013.322581                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu01.data  4111.111111                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4111.111111                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu01.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu01.data 187794.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 187794.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu01.data 185585.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 185585.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          221                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          221                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu01.data           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu01.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu01.data           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu01.data           44                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu01.data           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu01.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu01.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu01.data           31                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu01.data            9                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu01.data           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu01.data           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.data      3300250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3300250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.data      2341500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2341500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.data         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.data      1125087                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1125087                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.data        28000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        28000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.data       565500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       565500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.data      5641750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5641750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.data      5651250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5651250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.004911                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004911                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.008097                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008097                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.939394                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.939394                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu01.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.005330                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005330                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.005462                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005462                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.data 103132.812500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103132.812500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.data 292687.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292687.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.data         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.data 36293.129032                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36293.129032                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.data  3111.111111                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3111.111111                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.data 141043.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 141043.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.data 137835.365854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137835.365854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tags.tagsinuse          12.802626                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.tags.total_refs             12802                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.sampled_refs              48                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.avg_refs          266.708333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst    12.802626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.025005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.025005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.093750                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.tag_accesses           25774                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu01.icache.tags.data_accesses          25774                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.inst        12802                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         12802                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::cpu01.inst        12802                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total          12802                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::cpu01.inst        12802                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total         12802                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.inst           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::cpu01.inst           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::cpu01.inst           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu01.inst      8040500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8040500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu01.inst      8040500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8040500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu01.inst      8040500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8040500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.inst        12863                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        12863                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::cpu01.inst        12863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total        12863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::cpu01.inst        12863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total        12863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.004742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.004742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.004742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu01.inst 131811.475410                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131811.475410                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu01.inst 131811.475410                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 131811.475410                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu01.inst 131811.475410                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 131811.475410                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2652                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              12                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          221                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu01.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu01.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu01.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu01.inst           48                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           48                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.inst      6874000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6874000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.inst      6874000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6874000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.inst      6874000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6874000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.003732                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003732                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.003732                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003732                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.003732                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003732                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.inst 143208.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 143208.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.inst 143208.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 143208.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.inst 143208.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 143208.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.branchPred.lookups                 11909                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu02.branchPred.condPredicted           11194                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu02.branchPred.condIncorrect             170                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu02.branchPred.BTBLookups               5986                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu02.branchPred.BTBHits                  5896                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu02.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu02.branchPred.BTBHitPct           98.496492                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu02.branchPred.usedRAS                   320                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu02.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                          41788                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.fetch.icacheStallCycles             1498                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu02.fetch.Insts                        49428                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu02.fetch.Branches                     11909                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu02.fetch.predictedBranches             6216                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu02.fetch.Cycles                       31342                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu02.fetch.SquashCycles                   447                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu02.fetch.MiscStallCycles                107                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu02.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          241                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu02.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           43                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu02.fetch.CacheLines                   12995                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu02.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  32                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::samples            33454                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.567107                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::stdev           1.230459                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::0                   7957     23.78%     23.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::1                  11829     35.36%     59.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::2                    407      1.22%     60.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::3                  13261     39.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::max_value              3                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::total              33454                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.branchRate                0.284986                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu02.fetch.rate                      1.182828                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu02.decode.IdleCycles                   1896                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu02.decode.BlockedCycles                7928                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu02.decode.RunCycles                   23053                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu02.decode.UnblockCycles                 379                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu02.decode.SquashCycles                  198                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu02.decode.BranchResolved                298                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu02.decode.BranchMispred                  27                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu02.decode.DecodedInsts                48755                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu02.decode.SquashedInsts                 615                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu02.rename.SquashCycles                  198                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu02.rename.IdleCycles                   2613                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu02.rename.BlockCycles                  2230                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu02.rename.serializeStallCycles         5330                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu02.rename.RunCycles                   22668                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu02.rename.UnblockCycles                 415                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu02.rename.RenamedInsts                47884                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu02.rename.SquashedInsts                 200                       # Number of squashed instructions processed by rename
system.cpu02.rename.ROBFullEvents                 294                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu02.rename.RenamedOperands             84286                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu02.rename.RenameLookups              232137                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu02.rename.int_rename_lookups          64288                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu02.rename.CommittedMaps               82004                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu02.rename.UndoneMaps                   2279                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu02.rename.serializingInsts               71                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu02.rename.tempSerializingInsts           71                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu02.rename.skidInsts                     988                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu02.memDep0.insertedLoads               6745                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu02.memDep0.insertedStores              1209                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu02.memDep0.conflictingLoads             432                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu02.memDep0.conflictingStores            240                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu02.iq.iqInstsAdded                    47529                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               145                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu02.iq.iqInstsIssued                   47227                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              44                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          1598                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined         3326                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        33454                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.411700                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      1.094149                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0             10048     30.04%     30.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              5428     16.23%     46.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             12217     36.52%     82.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              5679     16.98%     99.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                82      0.25%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         33454                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  6783     80.32%     80.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    2      0.02%     80.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     80.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     80.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     80.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     80.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     80.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     80.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     80.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     80.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     80.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     80.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     80.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     80.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     80.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     80.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     80.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     80.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     80.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     80.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     80.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     80.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     80.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  708      8.38%     88.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 952     11.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               39256     83.12%     83.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 51      0.11%     83.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     83.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     83.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     83.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     83.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     83.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     83.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     83.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     83.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     83.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     83.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     83.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     83.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     83.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     83.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     83.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     83.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     83.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     83.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     83.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     83.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     83.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               6771     14.34%     97.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              1149      2.43%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::total                47227                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.rate                         1.130157                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu02.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      8445                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu02.iq.fu_busy_rate                 0.178817                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           136396                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           49274                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        46737                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu02.iq.int_alu_accesses                55672                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              2                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          320                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            2                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          181                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           49                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            2                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu02.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu02.iew.iewSquashCycles                  198                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu02.iew.iewBlockCycles                    55                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu02.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   2                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             47676                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                6745                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               1209                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               71                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu02.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    2                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                   0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            2                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           51                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           99                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu02.iew.branchMispredicts                150                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu02.iew.iewExecutedInsts               46924                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                6675                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             302                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu02.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu02.iew.exec_nop                           2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu02.iew.exec_refs                       7788                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu02.iew.exec_branches                  10971                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu02.iew.exec_stores                     1113                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu02.iew.exec_rate                   1.122906                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu02.iew.wb_sent                        46797                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu02.iew.wb_count                       46737                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu02.iew.wb_producers                   32919                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu02.iew.wb_consumers                   56498                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu02.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu02.iew.wb_rate                     1.118431                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu02.iew.wb_fanout                   0.582658                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu02.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu02.commit.commitSquashedInsts          1259                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           131                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu02.commit.branchMispredicts             145                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        33202                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.387748                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.790125                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        11231     33.83%     33.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        15560     46.86%     80.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2          618      1.86%     82.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3          418      1.26%     83.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          122      0.37%     84.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         4456     13.42%     97.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          476      1.43%     99.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          166      0.50%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8          155      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        33202                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committedInsts              44500                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.commit.committedOps                46076                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu02.commit.refs                         7453                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu02.commit.loads                        6425                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu02.commit.membars                        61                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu02.commit.branches                    10894                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu02.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu02.commit.int_insts                   35455                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu02.commit.function_calls                167                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          38572     83.71%     83.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            51      0.11%     83.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     83.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     83.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     83.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     83.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     83.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     83.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     83.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     83.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          6425     13.94%     97.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         1028      2.23%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::total           46076                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.bw_lim_events                 155                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu02.rob.rob_reads                      79719                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu02.rob.rob_writes                     94936                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu02.timesIdled                            47                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu02.idleCycles                          8334                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu02.quiesceCycles                      72497                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu02.committedInsts                     44500                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu02.committedOps                       46076                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu02.cpi                             0.939056                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu02.cpi_total                       0.939056                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu02.ipc                             1.064899                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu02.ipc_total                       1.064899                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu02.int_regfile_reads                  62669                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu02.int_regfile_writes                 19758                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu02.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu02.cc_regfile_reads                  160464                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu02.cc_regfile_writes                  63123                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu02.misc_regfile_reads                  8991                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu02.misc_regfile_writes                   82                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           8.117888                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.total_refs              7525                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              30                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.avg_refs          250.833333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.data     8.117888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.007928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.007928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.029297                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           15342                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.data_accesses          15342                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.data         6539                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          6539                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu02.data          983                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          983                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu02.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::cpu02.data         7522                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total           7522                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::cpu02.data         7523                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total          7523                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.data           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu02.data           23                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           23                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu02.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu02.data           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu02.data           11                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           11                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::cpu02.data           82                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total           82                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::cpu02.data           83                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total           83                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu02.data      7398739                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7398739                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu02.data      7313250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7313250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu02.data       751899                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       751899                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu02.data        36000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        36000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu02.data       835500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       835500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu02.data     14711989                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     14711989                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu02.data     14711989                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     14711989                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.data         6598                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6598                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu02.data         1006                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1006                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu02.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu02.data           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu02.data           11                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           11                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu02.data         7604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total         7604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu02.data         7606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total         7606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.008942                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008942                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.022863                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.022863                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.010784                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010784                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.010912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu02.data 125402.355932                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125402.355932                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu02.data 317967.391304                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 317967.391304                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu02.data 37594.950000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37594.950000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu02.data  3272.727273                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  3272.727273                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu02.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu02.data 179414.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 179414.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu02.data 177252.879518                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 177252.879518                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          338                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          338                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu02.data           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu02.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu02.data           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu02.data           42                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu02.data           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu02.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu02.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu02.data           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu02.data           11                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu02.data           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu02.data           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.data      2286753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2286753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.data      2313750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2313750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.data         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.data       678601                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       678601                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.data        27000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        27000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.data       811500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       811500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.data      4600503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4600503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.data      4610003                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4610003                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.004698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.008946                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008946                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu02.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu02.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.005260                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005260                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.005390                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005390                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.data 73766.225806                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73766.225806                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.data 257083.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 257083.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.data         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.data 33930.050000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33930.050000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.data  2454.545455                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  2454.545455                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.data 115012.575000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115012.575000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.data 112439.097561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112439.097561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tags.tagsinuse          12.646459                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.tags.total_refs             12934                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.sampled_refs              48                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.avg_refs          269.458333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst    12.646459                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.024700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.024700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.093750                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.tag_accesses           26036                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu02.icache.tags.data_accesses          26036                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.inst        12934                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         12934                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::cpu02.inst        12934                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total          12934                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::cpu02.inst        12934                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total         12934                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::cpu02.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::cpu02.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu02.inst      8065750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8065750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu02.inst      8065750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8065750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu02.inst      8065750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8065750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.inst        12994                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        12994                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::cpu02.inst        12994                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total        12994                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::cpu02.inst        12994                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total        12994                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.004618                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004618                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.004618                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004618                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.004618                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004618                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu02.inst 134429.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 134429.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu02.inst 134429.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 134429.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu02.inst 134429.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 134429.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2697                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              12                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   224.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu02.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu02.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu02.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu02.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu02.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu02.inst           48                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           48                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.inst      6931750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6931750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.inst      6931750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6931750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.inst      6931750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6931750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.003694                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003694                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.003694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.003694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.inst 144411.458333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 144411.458333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.inst 144411.458333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 144411.458333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.inst 144411.458333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 144411.458333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.branchPred.lookups                 12384                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu03.branchPred.condPredicted           11626                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu03.branchPred.condIncorrect             182                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu03.branchPred.BTBLookups               6223                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu03.branchPred.BTBHits                  6130                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu03.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu03.branchPred.BTBHitPct           98.505544                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu03.branchPred.usedRAS                   340                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu03.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                          41444                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.fetch.icacheStallCycles             1842                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu03.fetch.Insts                        51447                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu03.fetch.Branches                     12384                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu03.fetch.predictedBranches             6470                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu03.fetch.Cycles                       30806                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu03.fetch.SquashCycles                   477                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu03.fetch.MiscStallCycles                104                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu03.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          264                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu03.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          135                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu03.fetch.CacheLines                   13570                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu03.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  41                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::samples            33389                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.636257                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::stdev           1.210866                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::0                   6815     20.41%     20.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::1                  12313     36.88%     57.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::2                    463      1.39%     58.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::3                  13798     41.32%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::max_value              3                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::total              33389                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.branchRate                0.298813                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu03.fetch.rate                      1.241362                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu03.decode.IdleCycles                   1922                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu03.decode.BlockedCycles                6850                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu03.decode.RunCycles                   24005                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu03.decode.UnblockCycles                 400                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu03.decode.SquashCycles                  212                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu03.decode.BranchResolved                316                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu03.decode.BranchMispred                  27                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu03.decode.DecodedInsts                50724                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu03.decode.SquashedInsts                 659                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu03.rename.SquashCycles                  212                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu03.rename.IdleCycles                   2679                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu03.rename.BlockCycles                   447                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu03.rename.serializeStallCycles         5999                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu03.rename.RunCycles                   23597                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu03.rename.UnblockCycles                 455                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu03.rename.RenamedInsts                49812                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu03.rename.SquashedInsts                 203                       # Number of squashed instructions processed by rename
system.cpu03.rename.ROBFullEvents                 294                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu03.rename.SQFullEvents                   26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu03.rename.RenamedOperands             87589                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu03.rename.RenameLookups              241516                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu03.rename.int_rename_lookups          66873                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu03.rename.CommittedMaps               85183                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu03.rename.UndoneMaps                   2402                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu03.rename.serializingInsts               78                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu03.rename.tempSerializingInsts           78                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu03.rename.skidInsts                    1034                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu03.memDep0.insertedLoads               7013                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu03.memDep0.insertedStores              1288                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu03.memDep0.conflictingLoads             449                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu03.memDep0.conflictingStores            270                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu03.iq.iqInstsAdded                    49422                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               158                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu03.iq.iqInstsIssued                   49094                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              47                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          1718                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined         3610                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        33389                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.470364                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      1.076781                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              9030     27.04%     27.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              5703     17.08%     44.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             12665     37.93%     82.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              5903     17.68%     99.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                88      0.26%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         33389                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  6970     80.05%     80.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    1      0.01%     80.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     80.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     80.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     80.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     80.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     80.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     80.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     80.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     80.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     80.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     80.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     80.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     80.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     80.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     80.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     80.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     80.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     80.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     80.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     80.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     80.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     80.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  731      8.40%     88.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                1005     11.54%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               40783     83.07%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 51      0.10%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               7040     14.34%     97.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              1220      2.49%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::total                49094                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.rate                         1.184586                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu03.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      8707                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu03.iq.fu_busy_rate                 0.177354                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           140328                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           51301                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        48579                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu03.iq.int_alu_accesses                57801                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              2                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          342                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            3                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          219                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           52                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            5                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu03.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu03.iew.iewSquashCycles                  212                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu03.iew.iewBlockCycles                    63                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu03.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   1                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             49583                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                7013                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               1288                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               78                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu03.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    1                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                   0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            3                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           54                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect          107                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu03.iew.branchMispredicts                161                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu03.iew.iewExecutedInsts               48776                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                6938                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             315                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu03.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu03.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu03.iew.exec_refs                       8116                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu03.iew.exec_branches                  11402                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu03.iew.exec_stores                     1178                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu03.iew.exec_rate                   1.176913                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu03.iew.wb_sent                        48641                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu03.iew.wb_count                       48579                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu03.iew.wb_producers                   34193                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu03.iew.wb_consumers                   58590                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu03.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu03.iew.wb_rate                     1.172160                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu03.iew.wb_fanout                   0.583598                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu03.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu03.commit.commitSquashedInsts          1373                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           140                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu03.commit.branchMispredicts             156                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        33114                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.445371                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.801439                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        10251     30.96%     30.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        16218     48.98%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2          636      1.92%     81.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3          420      1.27%     83.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          128      0.39%     83.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         4651     14.05%     97.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          478      1.44%     99.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          179      0.54%     99.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8          153      0.46%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        33114                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committedInsts              46228                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.commit.committedOps                47862                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu03.commit.refs                         7740                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu03.commit.loads                        6671                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu03.commit.membars                        63                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu03.commit.branches                    11319                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu03.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu03.commit.int_insts                   36826                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu03.commit.function_calls                173                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          40071     83.72%     83.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            51      0.11%     83.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     83.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     83.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     83.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     83.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     83.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     83.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     83.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     83.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          6671     13.94%     97.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         1069      2.23%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::total           47862                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.bw_lim_events                 153                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu03.rob.rob_reads                      81507                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu03.rob.rob_writes                     98768                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu03.timesIdled                            53                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu03.idleCycles                          8055                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu03.quiesceCycles                      72841                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu03.committedInsts                     46228                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu03.committedOps                       47862                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu03.cpi                             0.896513                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu03.cpi_total                       0.896513                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu03.ipc                             1.115433                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu03.ipc_total                       1.115433                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu03.int_regfile_reads                  65117                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu03.int_regfile_writes                 20535                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu03.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu03.cc_regfile_reads                  166800                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu03.cc_regfile_writes                  65550                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu03.misc_regfile_reads                  9319                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu03.misc_regfile_writes                  101                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           7.558244                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.total_refs              7799                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              26                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.avg_refs          299.961538                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.data     7.558244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.007381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.007381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.025391                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           15947                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.data_accesses          15947                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.data         6793                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          6793                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu03.data         1013                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         1013                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu03.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu03.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::cpu03.data         7806                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total           7806                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::cpu03.data         7807                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total          7807                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.data           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu03.data           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu03.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu03.data           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu03.data           17                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           17                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::cpu03.data           87                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total           87                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::cpu03.data           88                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total           88                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu03.data      7390214                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7390214                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu03.data      4141500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4141500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu03.data      1052449                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1052449                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu03.data        37999                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        37999                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu03.data       708000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       708000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu03.data     11531714                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     11531714                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu03.data     11531714                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     11531714                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.data         6851                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6851                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu03.data         1042                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1042                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu03.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu03.data           25                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           25                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu03.data           17                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           17                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu03.data         7893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total         7893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu03.data         7895                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total         7895                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.008466                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008466                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.027831                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.027831                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.880000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.880000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.011022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.011146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu03.data 127417.482759                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127417.482759                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu03.data 142810.344828                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 142810.344828                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu03.data 47838.590909                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47838.590909                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu03.data  2235.235294                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  2235.235294                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu03.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu03.data 132548.436782                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 132548.436782                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu03.data 131042.204545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 131042.204545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          230                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          115                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu03.data           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu03.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu03.data           50                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu03.data           50                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           50                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu03.data           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu03.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu03.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu03.data           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu03.data           17                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu03.data           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu03.data           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.data      2749008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2749008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.data      1241500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1241500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.data         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.data       974051                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       974051                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.data        27501                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        27501                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.data       666000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       666000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.data      3990508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3990508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.data      4000008                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4000008                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.004233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.007678                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007678                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.880000                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.880000                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu03.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.004688                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004688                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.004813                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004813                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.data 94793.379310                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94793.379310                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.data 155187.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155187.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.data         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.data 44275.045455                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44275.045455                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.data  1617.705882                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  1617.705882                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.data 107851.567568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107851.567568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.data 105263.368421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105263.368421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tags.tagsinuse          13.234148                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.tags.total_refs             13498                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.sampled_refs              52                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.avg_refs          259.576923                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst    13.234148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.025848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.025848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.101562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.tag_accesses           27190                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu03.icache.tags.data_accesses          27190                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.inst        13498                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         13498                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::cpu03.inst        13498                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total          13498                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::cpu03.inst        13498                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total         13498                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.inst           71                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           71                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::cpu03.inst           71                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           71                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::cpu03.inst           71                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           71                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu03.inst      9298998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9298998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu03.inst      9298998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9298998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu03.inst      9298998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9298998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.inst        13569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        13569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::cpu03.inst        13569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total        13569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::cpu03.inst        13569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total        13569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.005233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.005233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.005233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu03.inst 130971.802817                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130971.802817                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu03.inst 130971.802817                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130971.802817                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu03.inst 130971.802817                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130971.802817                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2634                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              15                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   175.600000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu03.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu03.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu03.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu03.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu03.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu03.inst           52                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.inst      7347248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7347248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.inst      7347248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7347248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.inst      7347248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7347248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.003832                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003832                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.003832                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003832                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.003832                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003832                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.inst 141293.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 141293.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.inst 141293.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 141293.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.inst 141293.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 141293.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.branchPred.lookups                 12296                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu04.branchPred.condPredicted           11561                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu04.branchPred.condIncorrect             162                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu04.branchPred.BTBLookups               6208                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu04.branchPred.BTBHits                  6116                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu04.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu04.branchPred.BTBHitPct           98.518041                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu04.branchPred.usedRAS                   328                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu04.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                          40951                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.fetch.icacheStallCycles             2259                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu04.fetch.Insts                        50737                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu04.fetch.Branches                     12296                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu04.fetch.predictedBranches             6444                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu04.fetch.Cycles                       30103                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu04.fetch.SquashCycles                   435                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu04.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 56                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu04.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          298                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu04.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          106                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu04.fetch.CacheLines                   13370                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu04.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  32                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::samples            33039                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.628227                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::stdev           1.212594                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::0                   6854     20.75%     20.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::1                  12152     36.78%     57.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::2                    456      1.38%     58.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::3                  13577     41.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::max_value              3                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::total              33039                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.branchRate                0.300261                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu04.fetch.rate                      1.238969                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu04.decode.IdleCycles                   1791                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu04.decode.BlockedCycles                6974                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu04.decode.RunCycles                   23706                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu04.decode.UnblockCycles                 377                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu04.decode.SquashCycles                  191                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu04.decode.BranchResolved                310                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu04.decode.BranchMispred                  27                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu04.decode.DecodedInsts                50097                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu04.decode.SquashedInsts                 560                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu04.rename.SquashCycles                  191                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu04.rename.IdleCycles                   2486                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu04.rename.BlockCycles                   312                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu04.rename.serializeStallCycles         6259                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu04.rename.RunCycles                   23344                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu04.rename.UnblockCycles                 447                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu04.rename.RenamedInsts                49250                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu04.rename.SquashedInsts                 172                       # Number of squashed instructions processed by rename
system.cpu04.rename.ROBFullEvents                 278                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu04.rename.IQFullEvents                    1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu04.rename.SQFullEvents                   43                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu04.rename.RenamedOperands             86903                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu04.rename.RenameLookups              238756                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu04.rename.int_rename_lookups          66048                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu04.rename.CommittedMaps               84667                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu04.rename.UndoneMaps                   2233                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu04.rename.serializingInsts               73                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu04.rename.tempSerializingInsts           73                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu04.rename.skidInsts                     981                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu04.memDep0.insertedLoads               6864                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu04.memDep0.insertedStores              1238                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu04.memDep0.conflictingLoads             443                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu04.memDep0.conflictingStores            270                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu04.iq.iqInstsAdded                    48904                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               149                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu04.iq.iqInstsIssued                   48643                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              45                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          1606                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined         3026                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        33039                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.472290                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      1.078666                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              8975     27.16%     27.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              5533     16.75%     43.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             12563     38.02%     81.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              5888     17.82%     99.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                80      0.24%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         33039                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  6975     80.87%     80.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0      0.00%     80.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     80.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     80.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     80.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     80.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     80.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     80.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     80.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     80.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     80.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     80.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     80.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     80.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     80.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     80.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     80.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     80.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     80.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     80.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     80.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     80.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     80.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  666      7.72%     88.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 984     11.41%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               40557     83.38%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.01%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               6900     14.18%     97.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              1183      2.43%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::total                48643                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.rate                         1.187834                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu04.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      8625                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu04.iq.fu_busy_rate                 0.177312                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           138994                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           50660                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        48164                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu04.iq.int_alu_accesses                57268                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          304                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            1                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          198                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           53                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            2                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu04.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu04.iew.iewSquashCycles                  191                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu04.iew.iewBlockCycles                    70                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu04.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             49056                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                6864                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               1238                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               73                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu04.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                   0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            1                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           54                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           87                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu04.iew.branchMispredicts                141                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu04.iew.iewExecutedInsts               48349                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                6825                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             293                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu04.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu04.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu04.iew.exec_refs                       7969                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu04.iew.exec_branches                  11362                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu04.iew.exec_stores                     1144                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu04.iew.exec_rate                   1.180655                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu04.iew.wb_sent                        48227                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu04.iew.wb_count                       48164                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu04.iew.wb_producers                   33919                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu04.iew.wb_consumers                   58212                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu04.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu04.iew.wb_rate                     1.176137                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu04.iew.wb_fanout                   0.582681                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu04.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu04.commit.commitSquashedInsts          1318                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           134                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu04.commit.branchMispredicts             136                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        32778                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.447526                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.800312                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        10101     30.82%     30.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        16119     49.18%     79.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2          592      1.81%     81.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3          400      1.22%     83.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          129      0.39%     83.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         4639     14.15%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          491      1.50%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          169      0.52%     99.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8          138      0.42%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        32778                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committedInsts              45826                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.commit.committedOps                47447                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu04.commit.refs                         7600                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu04.commit.loads                        6560                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu04.commit.membars                        62                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu04.commit.branches                    11279                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu04.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu04.commit.int_insts                   36450                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu04.commit.function_calls                172                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          39845     83.98%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          6560     13.83%     97.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         1040      2.19%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::total           47447                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.bw_lim_events                 138                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu04.rob.rob_reads                      80716                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu04.rob.rob_writes                     97805                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu04.timesIdled                            49                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu04.idleCycles                          7912                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu04.quiesceCycles                      73334                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu04.committedInsts                     45826                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu04.committedOps                       47447                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu04.cpi                             0.893619                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu04.cpi_total                       0.893619                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu04.ipc                             1.119045                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu04.ipc_total                       1.119045                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu04.int_regfile_reads                  64483                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu04.int_regfile_writes                 20215                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu04.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu04.cc_regfile_reads                  165204                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu04.cc_regfile_writes                  65380                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu04.misc_regfile_reads                  9218                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu04.misc_regfile_writes                   80                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           7.545018                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.total_refs              7703                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              25                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.avg_refs          308.120000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data     7.545018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.007368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.007368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.024414                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           15658                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.data_accesses          15658                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.data         6703                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          6703                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu04.data          997                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          997                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu04.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu04.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu04.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::cpu04.data         7700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total           7700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::cpu04.data         7701                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total          7701                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.data           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu04.data           21                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           21                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu04.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu04.data           17                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           17                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu04.data           11                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           11                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::cpu04.data           65                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total           65                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::cpu04.data           66                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total           66                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu04.data      4348749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4348749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu04.data      3583000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3583000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu04.data       951926                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       951926                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu04.data        24499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        24499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu04.data       760500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       760500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu04.data      7931749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      7931749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu04.data      7931749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      7931749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.data         6747                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6747                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu04.data         1018                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1018                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu04.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu04.data           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu04.data           12                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           12                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu04.data         7765                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total         7765                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu04.data         7767                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total         7767                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.006521                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006521                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.020629                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.020629                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.850000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.850000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.916667                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.916667                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.008371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.008497                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008497                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu04.data 98835.204545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98835.204545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu04.data 170619.047619                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170619.047619                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu04.data 55995.647059                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55995.647059                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu04.data  2227.181818                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  2227.181818                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu04.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu04.data 122026.907692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122026.907692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu04.data 120178.015152                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120178.015152                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          330                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          330                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu04.data           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu04.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu04.data           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu04.data           31                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu04.data           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu04.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu04.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu04.data           17                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu04.data           11                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu04.data           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu04.data           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.data      2039251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2039251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.data      1096000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1096000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.data         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.data       887074                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       887074                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.data        17001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        17001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.data       733500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       733500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.data      3135251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3135251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.data      3144751                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3144751                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.004002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.006876                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006876                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.850000                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.850000                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.916667                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.916667                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.004379                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004379                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.004506                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004506                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.data 75527.814815                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75527.814815                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.data 156571.428571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156571.428571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.data         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.data 52180.823529                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52180.823529                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.data  1545.545455                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  1545.545455                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.data 92213.264706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92213.264706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.data 89850.028571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89850.028571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tags.tagsinuse          12.989059                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.tags.total_refs             13307                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.sampled_refs              51                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.avg_refs          260.921569                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst    12.989059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.025369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.025369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.099609                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.tag_accesses           26789                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu04.icache.tags.data_accesses          26789                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.inst        13307                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         13307                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::cpu04.inst        13307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total          13307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::cpu04.inst        13307                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total         13307                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.inst           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::cpu04.inst           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::cpu04.inst           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu04.inst      8445248                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8445248                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu04.inst      8445248                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8445248                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu04.inst      8445248                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8445248                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.inst        13369                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        13369                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::cpu04.inst        13369                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total        13369                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::cpu04.inst        13369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total        13369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.004638                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004638                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.004638                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004638                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.004638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu04.inst 136213.677419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 136213.677419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu04.inst 136213.677419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 136213.677419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu04.inst 136213.677419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 136213.677419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2272                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              13                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   174.769231                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu04.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu04.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu04.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu04.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu04.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu04.inst           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.inst      7007998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7007998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.inst      7007998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7007998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.inst      7007998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7007998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.003815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.003815                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003815                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.003815                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003815                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.inst 137411.725490                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137411.725490                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.inst 137411.725490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137411.725490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.inst 137411.725490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137411.725490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.branchPred.lookups                 12041                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu05.branchPred.condPredicted           11341                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu05.branchPred.condIncorrect             150                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu05.branchPred.BTBLookups               6073                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu05.branchPred.BTBHits                  5987                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu05.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu05.branchPred.BTBHitPct           98.583896                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu05.branchPred.usedRAS                   319                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu05.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                          40465                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.fetch.icacheStallCycles             1686                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu05.fetch.Insts                        49618                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu05.fetch.Branches                     12041                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu05.fetch.predictedBranches             6306                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu05.fetch.Cycles                       29449                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu05.fetch.SquashCycles                   411                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu05.fetch.MiscStallCycles                108                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu05.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          316                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu05.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu05.fetch.CacheLines                   13029                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu05.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  29                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::samples            31790                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.652941                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::stdev           1.205593                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::0                   6213     19.54%     19.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::1                  11894     37.41%     56.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::2                    396      1.25%     58.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::3                  13287     41.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::max_value              3                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::total              31790                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.branchRate                0.297566                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu05.fetch.rate                      1.226195                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu05.decode.IdleCycles                   1858                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu05.decode.BlockedCycles                6166                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu05.decode.RunCycles                   23225                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu05.decode.UnblockCycles                 363                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu05.decode.SquashCycles                  178                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu05.decode.BranchResolved                297                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu05.decode.BranchMispred                  27                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu05.decode.DecodedInsts                49168                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu05.decode.SquashedInsts                 518                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu05.rename.SquashCycles                  178                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu05.rename.IdleCycles                   2512                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu05.rename.BlockCycles                  2035                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu05.rename.serializeStallCycles         3784                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu05.rename.RunCycles                   22889                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu05.rename.UnblockCycles                 392                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu05.rename.RenamedInsts                48377                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu05.rename.SquashedInsts                 155                       # Number of squashed instructions processed by rename
system.cpu05.rename.ROBFullEvents                 288                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu05.rename.RenamedOperands             85403                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu05.rename.RenameLookups              234536                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu05.rename.int_rename_lookups          64905                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu05.rename.CommittedMaps               83310                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu05.rename.UndoneMaps                   2092                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu05.rename.serializingInsts               62                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu05.rename.tempSerializingInsts           62                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu05.rename.skidInsts                     938                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu05.memDep0.insertedLoads               6748                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu05.memDep0.insertedStores              1205                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu05.memDep0.conflictingLoads             447                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu05.memDep0.conflictingStores            266                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu05.iq.iqInstsAdded                    48071                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               130                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu05.iq.iqInstsIssued                   47829                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              43                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          1519                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined         2777                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        31790                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.504530                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      1.068494                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              8157     25.66%     25.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              5377     16.91%     42.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             12392     38.98%     81.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              5788     18.21%     99.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                76      0.24%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         31790                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  6905     80.85%     80.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0      0.00%     80.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     80.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     80.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     80.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     80.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     80.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     80.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     80.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     80.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     80.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     80.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     80.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     80.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     80.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     80.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     80.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     80.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     80.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     80.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     80.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     80.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     80.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  660      7.73%     88.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 976     11.43%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               39879     83.38%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.01%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               6786     14.19%     97.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              1161      2.43%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::total                47829                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.rate                         1.181984                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu05.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      8541                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu05.iq.fu_busy_rate                 0.178574                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           136029                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           49721                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        47363                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu05.iq.int_alu_accesses                56370                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              1                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          294                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            1                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          180                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           52                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            2                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu05.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu05.iew.iewSquashCycles                  178                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu05.iew.iewBlockCycles                    70                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu05.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   2                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             48204                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                6748                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               1205                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               62                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu05.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    2                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                   0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            1                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           53                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           73                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu05.iew.branchMispredicts                126                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu05.iew.iewExecutedInsts               47541                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                6717                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             285                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu05.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu05.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu05.iew.exec_refs                       7844                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu05.iew.exec_branches                  11169                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu05.iew.exec_stores                     1127                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu05.iew.exec_rate                   1.174867                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu05.iew.wb_sent                        47427                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu05.iew.wb_count                       47363                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu05.iew.wb_producers                   33355                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu05.iew.wb_consumers                   57315                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu05.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu05.iew.wb_rate                     1.170468                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu05.iew.wb_fanout                   0.581959                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu05.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu05.commit.commitSquashedInsts          1243                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           123                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu05.commit.branchMispredicts             123                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        31543                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.479948                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.808531                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0         9257     29.35%     29.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        15825     50.17%     79.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2          583      1.85%     81.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3          407      1.29%     82.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          115      0.36%     83.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         4565     14.47%     97.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          495      1.57%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          153      0.49%     99.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8          143      0.45%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        31543                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committedInsts              45070                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.commit.committedOps                46682                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu05.commit.refs                         7479                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu05.commit.loads                        6454                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu05.commit.membars                        61                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu05.commit.branches                    11094                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu05.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu05.commit.int_insts                   35869                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu05.commit.function_calls                171                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          39201     83.97%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          6454     13.83%     97.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         1025      2.20%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::total           46682                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.bw_lim_events                 143                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu05.rob.rob_reads                      78636                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu05.rob.rob_writes                     96109                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu05.timesIdled                            50                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu05.idleCycles                          8675                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu05.quiesceCycles                      73820                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu05.committedInsts                     45070                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu05.committedOps                       46682                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu05.cpi                             0.897826                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu05.cpi_total                       0.897826                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu05.ipc                             1.113802                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu05.ipc_total                       1.113802                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu05.int_regfile_reads                  63422                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu05.int_regfile_writes                 19902                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu05.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu05.cc_regfile_reads                  162450                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu05.cc_regfile_writes                  64266                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu05.misc_regfile_reads                  9021                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu05.misc_regfile_writes                   39                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           7.338487                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.total_refs              7600                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              25                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 304                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.data     7.338487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.007166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.007166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.024414                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           15407                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.data_accesses          15407                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.data         6603                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          6603                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu05.data          994                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          994                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu05.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::cpu05.data         7597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total           7597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::cpu05.data         7598                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total          7598                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.data           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu05.data           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu05.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu05.data            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu05.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::cpu05.data           65                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total           65                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::cpu05.data           66                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total           66                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu05.data      8703499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8703499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu05.data      7368500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7368500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu05.data       604954                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       604954                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu05.data        36000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        36000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu05.data        99500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        99500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu05.data     16071999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     16071999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu05.data     16071999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     16071999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.data         6649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu05.data         1013                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1013                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu05.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu05.data            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu05.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu05.data         7662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total         7662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu05.data         7664                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total         7664                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.006918                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006918                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.018756                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.018756                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.008483                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008483                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.008612                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008612                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu05.data 189206.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 189206.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu05.data 387815.789474                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 387815.789474                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu05.data 67217.111111                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67217.111111                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu05.data  5142.857143                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5142.857143                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu05.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu05.data 247261.523077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 247261.523077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu05.data 243515.136364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 243515.136364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          391                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          391                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu05.data           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu05.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu05.data           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu05.data           31                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu05.data           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu05.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu05.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu05.data            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu05.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu05.data           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu05.data           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.data      3536751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3536751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.data      2326750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2326750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.data         9000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.data       572046                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       572046                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.data        27000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        27000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.data        87500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        87500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.data      5863501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5863501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.data      5872501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5872501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.004061                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004061                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.006910                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006910                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu05.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu05.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.004437                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004437                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.004567                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004567                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.data 130990.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 130990.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.data 332392.857143                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 332392.857143                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.data         9000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.data 63560.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63560.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.data  3857.142857                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3857.142857                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.data 172455.911765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172455.911765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.data 167785.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167785.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tags.tagsinuse          12.534931                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.tags.total_refs             12968                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.sampled_refs              50                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.avg_refs          259.360000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst    12.534931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.024482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.024482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.097656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.tag_accesses           26106                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu05.icache.tags.data_accesses          26106                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.inst        12968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         12968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::cpu05.inst        12968                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total          12968                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::cpu05.inst        12968                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total         12968                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::cpu05.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::cpu05.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu05.inst      8460500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8460500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu05.inst      8460500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8460500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu05.inst      8460500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8460500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.inst        13028                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        13028                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::cpu05.inst        13028                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total        13028                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::cpu05.inst        13028                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total        13028                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.004605                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004605                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.004605                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004605                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.004605                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004605                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu05.inst 141008.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 141008.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu05.inst 141008.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 141008.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu05.inst 141008.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 141008.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2350                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              12                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   195.833333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu05.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu05.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu05.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu05.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu05.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu05.inst           50                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           50                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.inst      7118750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7118750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.inst      7118750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7118750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.inst      7118750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7118750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.003838                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003838                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.003838                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003838                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.003838                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003838                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.inst       142375                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       142375                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.inst       142375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       142375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.inst       142375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       142375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.branchPred.lookups                 11375                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu06.branchPred.condPredicted           10671                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu06.branchPred.condIncorrect             159                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu06.branchPred.BTBLookups               5741                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu06.branchPred.BTBHits                  5649                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu06.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu06.branchPred.BTBHitPct           98.397492                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu06.branchPred.usedRAS                   308                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu06.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                          39950                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.fetch.icacheStallCycles             1818                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu06.fetch.Insts                        47000                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu06.fetch.Branches                     11375                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu06.fetch.predictedBranches             5957                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu06.fetch.Cycles                       28450                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu06.fetch.SquashCycles                   421                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu06.fetch.MiscStallCycles                154                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          373                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu06.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           39                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu06.fetch.CacheLines                   12398                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu06.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  28                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::samples            31044                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.608072                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::stdev           1.219261                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::0                   6766     21.79%     21.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::1                  11244     36.22%     58.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::2                    425      1.37%     59.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::3                  12609     40.62%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::max_value              3                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::total              31044                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.branchRate                0.284731                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu06.fetch.rate                      1.176471                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu06.decode.IdleCycles                   1887                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu06.decode.BlockedCycles                6664                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu06.decode.RunCycles                   21953                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu06.decode.UnblockCycles                 356                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu06.decode.SquashCycles                  184                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu06.decode.BranchResolved                297                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu06.decode.BranchMispred                  27                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu06.decode.DecodedInsts                46419                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu06.decode.SquashedInsts                 543                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu06.rename.SquashCycles                  184                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu06.rename.IdleCycles                   2549                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu06.rename.BlockCycles                   463                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu06.rename.serializeStallCycles         5869                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu06.rename.RunCycles                   21606                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu06.rename.UnblockCycles                 373                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu06.rename.RenamedInsts                45609                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu06.rename.SquashedInsts                 171                       # Number of squashed instructions processed by rename
system.cpu06.rename.ROBFullEvents                 256                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu06.rename.RenamedOperands             80279                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu06.rename.RenameLookups              221116                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu06.rename.int_rename_lookups          61149                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu06.rename.CommittedMaps               78070                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu06.rename.UndoneMaps                   2208                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu06.rename.serializingInsts               71                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu06.rename.tempSerializingInsts           70                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu06.rename.skidInsts                     905                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu06.memDep0.insertedLoads               6363                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu06.memDep0.insertedStores              1188                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu06.memDep0.conflictingLoads             410                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu06.memDep0.conflictingStores            250                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu06.iq.iqInstsAdded                    45257                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               143                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu06.iq.iqInstsIssued                   44993                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              64                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          1611                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined         3013                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        31044                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.449330                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      1.085248                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              8768     28.24%     28.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              5153     16.60%     44.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             11607     37.39%     82.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              5438     17.52%     99.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                78      0.25%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         31044                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  6430     80.61%     80.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0      0.00%     80.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     80.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     80.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     80.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     80.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     80.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     80.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     80.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     80.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     80.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     80.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     80.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     80.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     80.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     80.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     80.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     80.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     80.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     80.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     80.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     80.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     80.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  616      7.72%     88.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 931     11.67%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               37475     83.29%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.01%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               6392     14.21%     97.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              1123      2.50%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::total                44993                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.rate                         1.126233                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu06.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      7977                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu06.iq.fu_busy_rate                 0.177294                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           129069                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           47012                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        44529                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu06.iq.int_alu_accesses                52970                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              1                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          299                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            1                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          213                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           49                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            2                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu06.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu06.iew.iewSquashCycles                  184                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu06.iew.iewBlockCycles                    79                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu06.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   2                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             45402                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                6363                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               1188                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               71                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu06.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    2                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                   0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            1                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           49                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           90                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu06.iew.branchMispredicts                139                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu06.iew.iewExecutedInsts               44706                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                6326                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             285                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu06.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu06.iew.exec_nop                           2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu06.iew.exec_refs                       7406                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu06.iew.exec_branches                  10492                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu06.iew.exec_stores                     1080                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu06.iew.exec_rate                   1.119049                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu06.iew.wb_sent                        44589                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu06.iew.wb_count                       44529                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu06.iew.wb_producers                   31309                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu06.iew.wb_consumers                   53707                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu06.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu06.iew.wb_rate                     1.114618                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu06.iew.wb_fanout                   0.582959                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu06.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu06.commit.commitSquashedInsts          1320                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           129                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu06.commit.branchMispredicts             133                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        30782                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.422552                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.792643                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0         9828     31.93%     31.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        14895     48.39%     80.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2          561      1.82%     82.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3          369      1.20%     83.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          118      0.38%     83.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         4279     13.90%     97.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          454      1.47%     99.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          150      0.49%     99.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8          128      0.42%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        30782                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committedInsts              42275                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.commit.committedOps                43789                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu06.commit.refs                         7039                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu06.commit.loads                        6064                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu06.commit.membars                        59                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu06.commit.branches                    10402                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu06.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu06.commit.int_insts                   33650                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu06.commit.function_calls                161                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          36748     83.92%     83.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.00%     83.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     83.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     83.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     83.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     83.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     83.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     83.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     83.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     83.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          6064     13.85%     97.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          975      2.23%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::total           43789                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.bw_lim_events                 128                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu06.rob.rob_reads                      75126                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu06.rob.rob_writes                     90509                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu06.timesIdled                            47                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu06.idleCycles                          8906                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu06.quiesceCycles                      74335                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu06.committedInsts                     42275                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu06.committedOps                       43789                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu06.cpi                             0.945003                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu06.cpi_total                       0.945003                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu06.ipc                             1.058198                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu06.ipc_total                       1.058198                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu06.int_regfile_reads                  59577                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu06.int_regfile_writes                 18736                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu06.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu06.cc_regfile_reads                  152799                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu06.cc_regfile_writes                  60307                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu06.misc_regfile_reads                  8600                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu06.misc_regfile_writes                   91                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           7.295908                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.total_refs              7134                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              25                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.avg_refs          285.360000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.data     7.295908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.007125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.007125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.024414                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           14545                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.data_accesses          14545                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.data         6199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          6199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu06.data          932                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          932                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu06.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::cpu06.data         7131                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total           7131                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::cpu06.data         7132                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total          7132                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.data           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu06.data           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu06.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu06.data           21                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           21                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu06.data           15                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           15                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::cpu06.data           70                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total           70                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::cpu06.data           71                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total           71                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu06.data      5715974                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5715974                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu06.data      4750000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4750000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu06.data       909422                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       909422                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu06.data        58000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        58000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu06.data       724500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       724500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu06.data     10465974                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     10465974                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu06.data     10465974                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     10465974                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.data         6250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu06.data          951                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          951                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu06.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu06.data           21                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           21                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu06.data           15                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           15                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu06.data         7201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total         7201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu06.data         7203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total         7203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.008160                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008160                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.019979                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.019979                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.009721                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009721                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.009857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu06.data 112077.921569                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112077.921569                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu06.data       250000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total       250000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu06.data 43305.809524                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43305.809524                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu06.data  3866.666667                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  3866.666667                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu06.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu06.data 149513.914286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 149513.914286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu06.data 147408.084507                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 147408.084507                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          292                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          292                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu06.data           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu06.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu06.data           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu06.data           36                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu06.data           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu06.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu06.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu06.data           21                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           21                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu06.data           15                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu06.data           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu06.data           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.data      2573506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2573506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.data      1464000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1464000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.data         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.data       833078                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       833078                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.data        49000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        49000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.data       688500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       688500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.data      4037506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4037506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.data      4047006                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4047006                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.004320                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004320                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.007361                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007361                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu06.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu06.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.004722                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004722                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.004859                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004859                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.data 95315.037037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95315.037037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.data 209142.857143                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 209142.857143                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.data         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.data 39670.380952                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39670.380952                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.data  3266.666667                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3266.666667                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.data 118750.176471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118750.176471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.data 115628.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115628.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tags.tagsinuse          12.456727                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.tags.total_refs             12338                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.sampled_refs              50                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.avg_refs          246.760000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst    12.456727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.024330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.024330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.097656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.tag_accesses           24844                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu06.icache.tags.data_accesses          24844                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.inst        12338                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         12338                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::cpu06.inst        12338                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total          12338                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::cpu06.inst        12338                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total         12338                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::cpu06.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::cpu06.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu06.inst      8534249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8534249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu06.inst      8534249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8534249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu06.inst      8534249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8534249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.inst        12397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        12397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::cpu06.inst        12397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total        12397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::cpu06.inst        12397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total        12397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.004759                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004759                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.004759                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004759                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.004759                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004759                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu06.inst 144648.288136                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 144648.288136                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu06.inst 144648.288136                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 144648.288136                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu06.inst 144648.288136                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 144648.288136                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2088                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              11                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   189.818182                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu06.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu06.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu06.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu06.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu06.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu06.inst           50                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           50                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.inst      7148999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7148999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.inst      7148999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7148999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.inst      7148999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7148999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.004033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.004033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.004033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.inst 142979.980000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 142979.980000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.inst 142979.980000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 142979.980000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.inst 142979.980000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 142979.980000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.branchPred.lookups                 10572                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu07.branchPred.condPredicted            9915                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu07.branchPred.condIncorrect             152                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu07.branchPred.BTBLookups               5332                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu07.branchPred.BTBHits                  5241                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu07.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu07.branchPred.BTBHitPct           98.293323                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu07.branchPred.usedRAS                   286                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu07.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                          39470                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.fetch.icacheStallCycles             1461                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu07.fetch.Insts                        43651                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu07.fetch.Branches                     10572                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu07.fetch.predictedBranches             5527                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu07.fetch.Cycles                       28169                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu07.fetch.SquashCycles                   399                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu07.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 68                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          341                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu07.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          104                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu07.fetch.CacheLines                   11497                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu07.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  29                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::samples            30342                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.527717                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::stdev           1.239573                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::0                   7804     25.72%     25.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::1                  10447     34.43%     60.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::2                    366      1.21%     61.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::3                  11725     38.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::max_value              3                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::total              30342                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.branchRate                0.267849                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu07.fetch.rate                      1.105929                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu07.decode.IdleCycles                   1743                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu07.decode.BlockedCycles                7698                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu07.decode.RunCycles                   20398                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu07.decode.UnblockCycles                 330                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu07.decode.SquashCycles                  173                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu07.decode.BranchResolved                277                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu07.decode.BranchMispred                  27                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu07.decode.DecodedInsts                43081                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu07.decode.SquashedInsts                 533                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu07.rename.SquashCycles                  173                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu07.rename.IdleCycles                   2367                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu07.rename.BlockCycles                  1814                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu07.rename.serializeStallCycles         5529                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu07.rename.RunCycles                   20067                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu07.rename.UnblockCycles                 392                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu07.rename.RenamedInsts                42322                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu07.rename.SquashedInsts                 160                       # Number of squashed instructions processed by rename
system.cpu07.rename.ROBFullEvents                 240                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu07.rename.SQFullEvents                   39                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu07.rename.RenamedOperands             74597                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu07.rename.RenameLookups              205103                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu07.rename.int_rename_lookups          56700                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu07.rename.CommittedMaps               72563                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu07.rename.UndoneMaps                   2033                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu07.rename.serializingInsts               70                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu07.rename.tempSerializingInsts           70                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu07.rename.skidInsts                     857                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu07.memDep0.insertedLoads               5915                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu07.memDep0.insertedStores              1088                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu07.memDep0.conflictingLoads             376                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu07.memDep0.conflictingStores            225                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu07.iq.iqInstsAdded                    42018                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               137                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu07.iq.iqInstsIssued                   41778                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              27                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          1473                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined         2810                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        30342                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.376903                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      1.102591                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              9619     31.70%     31.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              4859     16.01%     47.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             10743     35.41%     83.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              5051     16.65%     99.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                70      0.23%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         30342                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  5940     80.42%     80.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0      0.00%     80.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     80.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     80.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     80.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     80.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     80.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     80.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     80.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     80.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     80.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     80.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     80.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     80.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     80.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     80.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     80.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     80.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     80.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     80.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     80.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     80.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     80.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  585      7.92%     88.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 861     11.66%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               34795     83.29%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.01%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               5941     14.22%     97.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              1039      2.49%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::total                41778                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.rate                         1.058475                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu07.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      7386                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu07.iq.fu_busy_rate                 0.176792                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           121308                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           43629                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        41346                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu07.iq.int_alu_accesses                49164                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          289                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            1                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          187                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           43                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            2                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu07.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu07.iew.iewSquashCycles                  173                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu07.iew.iewBlockCycles                    59                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu07.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   2                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             42157                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                5915                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               1088                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               70                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu07.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    2                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                   0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            1                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           46                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           85                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu07.iew.branchMispredicts                131                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu07.iew.iewExecutedInsts               41510                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                5861                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             265                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu07.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu07.iew.exec_nop                           2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu07.iew.exec_refs                       6865                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu07.iew.exec_branches                   9746                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu07.iew.exec_stores                     1004                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu07.iew.exec_rate                   1.051685                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu07.iew.wb_sent                        41400                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu07.iew.wb_count                       41346                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu07.iew.wb_producers                   29088                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu07.iew.wb_consumers                   49877                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu07.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu07.iew.wb_rate                     1.047530                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu07.iew.wb_fanout                   0.583195                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu07.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu07.commit.commitSquashedInsts          1195                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           123                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu07.commit.branchMispredicts             126                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        30111                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.351068                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.775379                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        10645     35.35%     35.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        13843     45.97%     81.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2          516      1.71%     83.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3          345      1.15%     84.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          103      0.34%     84.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3983     13.23%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          408      1.35%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          147      0.49%     99.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8          121      0.40%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        30111                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committedInsts              39293                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.commit.committedOps                40682                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu07.commit.refs                         6527                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu07.commit.loads                        5626                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu07.commit.membars                        54                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu07.commit.branches                     9669                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu07.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu07.commit.int_insts                   31255                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu07.commit.function_calls                148                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          34153     83.95%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          5626     13.83%     97.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          901      2.21%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::total           40682                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.bw_lim_events                 121                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu07.rob.rob_reads                      71282                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu07.rob.rob_writes                     83997                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu07.timesIdled                            50                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu07.idleCycles                          9128                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu07.quiesceCycles                      74815                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu07.committedInsts                     39293                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu07.committedOps                       40682                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu07.cpi                             1.004505                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu07.cpi_total                       1.004505                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu07.ipc                             0.995516                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu07.ipc_total                       0.995516                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu07.int_regfile_reads                  55338                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu07.int_regfile_writes                 17379                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu07.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu07.cc_regfile_reads                  141846                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu07.cc_regfile_writes                  56011                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu07.misc_regfile_reads                  8085                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu07.misc_regfile_writes                  104                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           7.178002                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.total_refs              6599                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              25                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.avg_refs          263.960000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.data     7.178002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.007010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.007010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.024414                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           13452                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.data_accesses          13452                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.data         5742                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          5742                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu07.data          854                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          854                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu07.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu07.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::cpu07.data         6596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total           6596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::cpu07.data         6597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total          6597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.data           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu07.data           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu07.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu07.data           24                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           24                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu07.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::cpu07.data           65                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total           65                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::cpu07.data           66                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total           66                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu07.data      7819499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7819499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu07.data      6759750                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6759750                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu07.data      1377944                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1377944                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu07.data        37000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        37000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu07.data       286000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       286000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu07.data     14579249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     14579249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu07.data     14579249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     14579249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.data         5787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu07.data          874                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          874                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu07.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu07.data           25                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           25                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu07.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu07.data         6661                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total         6661                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu07.data         6663                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total         6663                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.007776                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007776                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.022883                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.022883                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.960000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.960000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.009758                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009758                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.009905                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009905                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu07.data 173766.644444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 173766.644444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu07.data 337987.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 337987.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu07.data 57414.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57414.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu07.data  5285.714286                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5285.714286                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu07.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu07.data 224296.138462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 224296.138462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu07.data 220897.712121                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 220897.712121                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          264                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          264                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu07.data           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu07.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu07.data           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu07.data           31                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu07.data           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu07.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu07.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu07.data           24                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu07.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu07.data           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu07.data           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.data      3183751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3183751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.data      2159750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2159750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.data         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.data      1287056                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1287056                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.data        28000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        28000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.data       274000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       274000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.data      5343501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5343501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.data      5353001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5353001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.004666                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004666                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.008009                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008009                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu07.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.005104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.005253                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005253                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.data 117916.703704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117916.703704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.data 308535.714286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 308535.714286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.data         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.data 53627.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53627.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.data         4000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         4000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.data 157161.794118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157161.794118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.data 152942.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 152942.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tags.tagsinuse          12.213371                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.tags.total_refs             11438                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.sampled_refs              50                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.avg_refs          228.760000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst    12.213371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.023854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.023854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.097656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.tag_accesses           23042                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu07.icache.tags.data_accesses          23042                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.inst        11438                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         11438                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::cpu07.inst        11438                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total          11438                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::cpu07.inst        11438                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total         11438                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::cpu07.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::cpu07.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu07.inst      8317749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8317749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu07.inst      8317749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8317749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu07.inst      8317749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8317749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.inst        11496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        11496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::cpu07.inst        11496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total        11496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::cpu07.inst        11496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total        11496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.005045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.005045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.005045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu07.inst 143409.465517                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 143409.465517                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu07.inst 143409.465517                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 143409.465517                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu07.inst 143409.465517                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 143409.465517                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2912                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              13                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          224                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu07.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu07.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu07.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu07.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu07.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu07.inst           50                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           50                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.inst      7377499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7377499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.inst      7377499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7377499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.inst      7377499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7377499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.004349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.004349                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004349                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.004349                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004349                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.inst 147549.980000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 147549.980000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.inst 147549.980000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 147549.980000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.inst 147549.980000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 147549.980000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.branchPred.lookups                 12071                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu08.branchPred.condPredicted           11385                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu08.branchPred.condIncorrect             148                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu08.branchPred.BTBLookups               6086                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu08.branchPred.BTBHits                  6006                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu08.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu08.branchPred.BTBHitPct           98.685508                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu08.branchPred.usedRAS                   316                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu08.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                          38832                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.fetch.icacheStallCycles             1527                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu08.fetch.Insts                        49637                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu08.fetch.Branches                     12071                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu08.fetch.predictedBranches             6322                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu08.fetch.Cycles                       27217                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu08.fetch.SquashCycles                   407                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu08.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 76                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          243                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu08.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           42                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu08.fetch.CacheLines                   13030                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu08.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  32                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::samples            29308                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.791593                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::stdev           1.151135                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::0                   3736     12.75%     12.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::1                  11900     40.60%     53.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::2                    408      1.39%     54.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::3                  13264     45.26%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::max_value              3                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::total              29308                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.branchRate                0.310852                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu08.fetch.rate                      1.278250                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu08.decode.IdleCycles                   1847                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu08.decode.BlockedCycles                3610                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu08.decode.RunCycles                   23333                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu08.decode.UnblockCycles                 341                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu08.decode.SquashCycles                  177                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu08.decode.BranchResolved                296                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu08.decode.BranchMispred                  26                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu08.decode.DecodedInsts                49244                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu08.decode.SquashedInsts                 545                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu08.rename.SquashCycles                  177                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu08.rename.IdleCycles                   2487                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu08.rename.BlockCycles                  1105                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu08.rename.serializeStallCycles         2147                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu08.rename.RunCycles                   22989                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu08.rename.UnblockCycles                 403                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu08.rename.RenamedInsts                48467                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu08.rename.SquashedInsts                 150                       # Number of squashed instructions processed by rename
system.cpu08.rename.ROBFullEvents                 285                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu08.rename.SQFullEvents                   26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu08.rename.RenamedOperands             85667                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu08.rename.RenameLookups              234937                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu08.rename.int_rename_lookups          65013                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu08.rename.CommittedMaps               83540                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu08.rename.UndoneMaps                   2126                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu08.rename.serializingInsts               56                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu08.rename.tempSerializingInsts           56                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu08.rename.skidInsts                     918                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu08.memDep0.insertedLoads               6773                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu08.memDep0.insertedStores              1204                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu08.memDep0.conflictingLoads             445                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu08.memDep0.conflictingStores            274                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu08.iq.iqInstsAdded                    48208                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               118                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu08.iq.iqInstsIssued                   47934                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              39                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          1513                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined         3008                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        29308                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.635526                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      1.013316                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              5607     19.13%     19.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              5435     18.54%     37.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             12377     42.23%     79.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              5811     19.83%     99.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                78      0.27%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         29308                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  6862     80.57%     80.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0      0.00%     80.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     80.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     80.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     80.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     80.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     80.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     80.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     80.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     80.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     80.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     80.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     80.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     80.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     80.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     80.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     80.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     80.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     80.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     80.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     80.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     80.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     80.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  675      7.93%     88.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 980     11.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               39966     83.38%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.01%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               6811     14.21%     97.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              1154      2.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::total                47934                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.rate                         1.234394                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu08.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      8517                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu08.iq.fu_busy_rate                 0.177682                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           133729                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           49840                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        47463                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu08.iq.int_alu_accesses                56451                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              1                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          298                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            1                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          180                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           53                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           11                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu08.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu08.iew.iewSquashCycles                  177                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu08.iew.iewBlockCycles                    63                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu08.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   2                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             48328                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                6773                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               1204                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               56                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu08.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    2                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                   0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            1                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           53                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           74                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu08.iew.branchMispredicts                127                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu08.iew.iewExecutedInsts               47649                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                6732                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             282                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu08.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu08.iew.exec_nop                           2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu08.iew.exec_refs                       7850                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu08.iew.exec_branches                  11203                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu08.iew.exec_stores                     1118                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu08.iew.exec_rate                   1.227055                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu08.iew.wb_sent                        47525                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu08.iew.wb_count                       47463                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu08.iew.wb_producers                   33445                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu08.iew.wb_consumers                   57418                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu08.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu08.iew.wb_rate                     1.222265                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu08.iew.wb_fanout                   0.582483                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu08.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu08.commit.commitSquashedInsts          1221                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           118                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu08.commit.branchMispredicts             122                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        29069                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.610410                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.832189                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0         6742     23.19%     23.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        15854     54.54%     77.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2          575      1.98%     79.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3          402      1.38%     81.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          123      0.42%     81.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         4582     15.76%     97.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          479      1.65%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          169      0.58%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8          143      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        29069                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committedInsts              45192                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.commit.committedOps                46813                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu08.commit.refs                         7499                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu08.commit.loads                        6475                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu08.commit.membars                        62                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu08.commit.branches                    11125                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu08.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu08.commit.int_insts                   35970                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu08.commit.function_calls                172                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          39312     83.98%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          6475     13.83%     97.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         1024      2.19%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::total           46813                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.bw_lim_events                 143                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu08.rob.rob_reads                      76271                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu08.rob.rob_writes                     96319                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu08.timesIdled                            50                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu08.idleCycles                          9524                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu08.quiesceCycles                      75453                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu08.committedInsts                     45192                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu08.committedOps                       46813                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu08.cpi                             0.859267                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu08.cpi_total                       0.859267                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu08.ipc                             1.163782                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu08.ipc_total                       1.163782                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu08.int_regfile_reads                  63575                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu08.int_regfile_writes                 19912                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu08.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu08.cc_regfile_reads                  162771                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu08.cc_regfile_writes                  64445                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu08.misc_regfile_reads                  9079                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu08.misc_regfile_writes                   14                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           6.718520                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.total_refs              7617                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              24                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.avg_refs          317.375000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.data     6.718520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.006561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.006561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.023438                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           15408                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.data_accesses          15408                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.data         6617                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          6617                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu08.data          997                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          997                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu08.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::cpu08.data         7614                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total           7614                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::cpu08.data         7615                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total          7615                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.data           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu08.data           21                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           21                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu08.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu08.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu08.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::cpu08.data           64                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total           64                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::cpu08.data           65                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total           65                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu08.data      7234249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7234249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu08.data      6671250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6671250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu08.data        37000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total        37000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu08.data        54000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        54000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu08.data     13905499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     13905499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu08.data     13905499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     13905499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.data         6660                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6660                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu08.data         1018                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1018                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu08.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu08.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu08.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu08.data         7678                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total         7678                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu08.data         7680                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total         7680                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.006456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.020629                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.020629                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.008336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.008464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu08.data 168238.348837                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168238.348837                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu08.data 317678.571429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 317678.571429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu08.data 12333.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12333.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu08.data        18000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        18000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu08.data 217273.421875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 217273.421875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu08.data 213930.753846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 213930.753846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          261                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          261                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu08.data           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu08.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu08.data           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu08.data           31                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu08.data           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu08.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu08.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu08.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu08.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu08.data           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu08.data           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.data      3103251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3103251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.data      2086250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2086250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.data         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.data        28000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        28000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.data        45000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        45000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.data      5189501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5189501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.data      5199001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5199001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.003904                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003904                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.006876                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006876                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu08.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu08.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.004298                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004298                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.004427                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004427                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.data 119355.807692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119355.807692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.data 298035.714286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 298035.714286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.data         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.data  9333.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9333.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.data        15000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        15000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.data 157257.606061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157257.606061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.data 152911.794118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 152911.794118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tags.tagsinuse          12.014443                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.tags.total_refs             12967                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.sampled_refs              50                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.avg_refs          259.340000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst    12.014443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.023466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.023466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.097656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.tag_accesses           26108                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu08.icache.tags.data_accesses          26108                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.inst        12967                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         12967                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::cpu08.inst        12967                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total          12967                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::cpu08.inst        12967                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total         12967                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.inst           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::cpu08.inst           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::cpu08.inst           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu08.inst      8450500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8450500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu08.inst      8450500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8450500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu08.inst      8450500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8450500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.inst        13029                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        13029                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::cpu08.inst        13029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total        13029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::cpu08.inst        13029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total        13029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.004759                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004759                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.004759                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004759                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.004759                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004759                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu08.inst 136298.387097                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 136298.387097                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu08.inst 136298.387097                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 136298.387097                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu08.inst 136298.387097                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 136298.387097                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1906                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              11                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   173.272727                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu08.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu08.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu08.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu08.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu08.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu08.inst           50                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           50                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.inst      7124250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7124250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.inst      7124250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7124250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.inst      7124250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7124250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.003838                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003838                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.003838                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003838                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.003838                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003838                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.inst       142485                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       142485                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.inst       142485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       142485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.inst       142485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       142485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.branchPred.lookups                 10481                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu09.branchPred.condPredicted            9809                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu09.branchPred.condIncorrect             159                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu09.branchPred.BTBLookups               5275                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu09.branchPred.BTBHits                  5181                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu09.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu09.branchPred.BTBHitPct           98.218009                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu09.branchPred.usedRAS                   292                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu09.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                          37919                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.fetch.icacheStallCycles             1772                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu09.fetch.Insts                        43348                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu09.fetch.Branches                     10481                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu09.fetch.predictedBranches             5473                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu09.fetch.Cycles                       26138                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu09.fetch.SquashCycles                   413                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu09.fetch.MiscStallCycles                100                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu09.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          777                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          120                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu09.fetch.CacheLines                   11441                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu09.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  33                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::samples            29113                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.584069                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::stdev           1.226573                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::0                   6704     23.03%     23.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::1                  10360     35.59%     58.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::2                    390      1.34%     59.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::3                  11659     40.05%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::max_value              3                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::total              29113                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.branchRate                0.276405                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu09.fetch.rate                      1.143174                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu09.decode.IdleCycles                   1796                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu09.decode.BlockedCycles                6570                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu09.decode.RunCycles                   20238                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu09.decode.UnblockCycles                 329                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu09.decode.SquashCycles                  180                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu09.decode.BranchResolved                281                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu09.decode.BranchMispred                  27                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu09.decode.DecodedInsts                42724                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu09.decode.SquashedInsts                 563                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu09.rename.SquashCycles                  180                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu09.rename.IdleCycles                   2435                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu09.rename.BlockCycles                   533                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu09.rename.serializeStallCycles         5708                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu09.rename.RunCycles                   19890                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu09.rename.UnblockCycles                 367                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu09.rename.RenamedInsts                41942                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu09.rename.SquashedInsts                 166                       # Number of squashed instructions processed by rename
system.cpu09.rename.ROBFullEvents                 237                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu09.rename.SQFullEvents                   21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu09.rename.RenamedOperands             73792                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu09.rename.RenameLookups              203282                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu09.rename.int_rename_lookups          56178                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu09.rename.CommittedMaps               71674                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu09.rename.UndoneMaps                   2114                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu09.rename.serializingInsts               65                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu09.rename.tempSerializingInsts           65                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu09.rename.skidInsts                     845                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu09.memDep0.insertedLoads               5863                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu09.memDep0.insertedStores              1104                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu09.memDep0.conflictingLoads             377                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu09.memDep0.conflictingStores            230                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu09.iq.iqInstsAdded                    41613                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               137                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu09.iq.iqInstsIssued                   41351                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              40                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          1530                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined         2939                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        29113                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.420362                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      1.092198                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              8603     29.55%     29.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              4810     16.52%     46.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             10632     36.52%     82.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              4995     17.16%     99.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                73      0.25%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         29113                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  5875     80.15%     80.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0      0.00%     80.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     80.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     80.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     80.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     80.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     80.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     80.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     80.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     80.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     80.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     80.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     80.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     80.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     80.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     80.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     80.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     80.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     80.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     80.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     80.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     80.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     80.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  585      7.98%     88.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 870     11.87%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               34416     83.23%     83.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.01%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               5888     14.24%     97.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              1044      2.52%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::total                41351                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.rate                         1.090509                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu09.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      7330                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu09.iq.fu_busy_rate                 0.177263                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           119183                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           43281                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        40913                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu09.iq.int_alu_accesses                48681                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          289                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            1                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          203                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           44                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            2                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu09.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu09.iew.iewSquashCycles                  180                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu09.iew.iewBlockCycles                    64                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu09.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   2                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             41752                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                5863                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               1104                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               65                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu09.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    2                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                   0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            1                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           45                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           95                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu09.iew.branchMispredicts                140                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu09.iew.iewExecutedInsts               41082                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                5813                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             267                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu09.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu09.iew.exec_nop                           2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu09.iew.exec_refs                       6818                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu09.iew.exec_branches                   9634                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu09.iew.exec_stores                     1005                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu09.iew.exec_rate                   1.083415                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu09.iew.wb_sent                        40967                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu09.iew.wb_count                       40913                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu09.iew.wb_producers                   28754                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu09.iew.wb_consumers                   49292                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu09.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu09.iew.wb_rate                     1.078958                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu09.iew.wb_fanout                   0.583340                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu09.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu09.commit.commitSquashedInsts          1248                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           119                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu09.commit.branchMispredicts             133                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        28870                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.393142                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.787741                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0         9649     33.42%     33.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        13647     47.27%     80.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2          523      1.81%     82.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3          342      1.18%     83.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          111      0.38%     84.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3921     13.58%     97.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          406      1.41%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          152      0.53%     99.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8          119      0.41%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        28870                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committedInsts              38822                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.commit.committedOps                40220                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu09.commit.refs                         6475                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu09.commit.loads                        5574                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu09.commit.membars                        55                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu09.commit.branches                     9551                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu09.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu09.commit.int_insts                   30912                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu09.commit.function_calls                149                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          33743     83.90%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          5574     13.86%     97.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          901      2.24%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::total           40220                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.bw_lim_events                 119                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu09.rob.rob_reads                      69634                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu09.rob.rob_writes                     83195                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu09.timesIdled                            49                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu09.idleCycles                          8806                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu09.quiesceCycles                      76366                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu09.committedInsts                     38822                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu09.committedOps                       40220                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu09.cpi                             0.976740                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu09.cpi_total                       0.976740                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu09.ipc                             1.023814                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu09.ipc_total                       1.023814                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu09.int_regfile_reads                  54737                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu09.int_regfile_writes                 17220                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu09.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu09.cc_regfile_reads                  140388                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu09.cc_regfile_writes                  55344                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu09.misc_regfile_reads                  7957                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu09.misc_regfile_writes                   81                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           6.608837                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.total_refs              6557                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              24                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.avg_refs          273.208333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.data     6.608837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.006454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.006454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.023438                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           13381                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.data_accesses          13381                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.data         5696                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          5696                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu09.data          858                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          858                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu09.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu09.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::cpu09.data         6554                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total           6554                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::cpu09.data         6555                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total          6555                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.data           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu09.data           21                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           21                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu09.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu09.data           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu09.data           15                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           15                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::cpu09.data           68                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total           68                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::cpu09.data           69                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total           69                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu09.data      5743250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5743250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu09.data      5537000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5537000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu09.data      1039941                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1039941                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu09.data        50999                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        50999                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu09.data       593500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       593500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu09.data     11280250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     11280250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu09.data     11280250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     11280250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.data         5743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu09.data          879                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          879                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu09.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu09.data           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu09.data           15                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           15                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu09.data         6622                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total         6622                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu09.data         6624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total         6624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.008184                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008184                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.023891                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.023891                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.900000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.900000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.010269                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010269                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.010417                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010417                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu09.data 122196.808511                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122196.808511                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu09.data 263666.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 263666.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu09.data 57774.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57774.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu09.data  3399.933333                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  3399.933333                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu09.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu09.data 165886.029412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165886.029412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu09.data 163481.884058                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163481.884058                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          192                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          192                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu09.data           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu09.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu09.data           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu09.data           35                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu09.data           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu09.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu09.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu09.data           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu09.data           15                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu09.data           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu09.data           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.data      2604750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2604750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.data      1703250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1703250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.data         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.data       971059                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       971059                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.data        40501                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        40501                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.data       557500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       557500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.data      4308000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4308000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.data      4317500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4317500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.004527                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004527                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.007964                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007964                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.900000                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.900000                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu09.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.004983                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004983                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.005133                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005133                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.data 100182.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100182.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.data 243321.428571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243321.428571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.data         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.data 53947.722222                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53947.722222                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.data  2700.066667                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  2700.066667                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.data 130545.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 130545.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.data 126985.294118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126985.294118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tags.tagsinuse          12.029672                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.tags.total_refs             11376                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.sampled_refs              52                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.avg_refs          218.769231                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst    12.029672                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.023495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.023495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.101562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.tag_accesses           22932                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu09.icache.tags.data_accesses          22932                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.inst        11376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         11376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::cpu09.inst        11376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total          11376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::cpu09.inst        11376                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total         11376                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.inst           64                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           64                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::cpu09.inst           64                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           64                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::cpu09.inst           64                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           64                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu09.inst      8295748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8295748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu09.inst      8295748                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8295748                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu09.inst      8295748                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8295748                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.inst        11440                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        11440                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::cpu09.inst        11440                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total        11440                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::cpu09.inst        11440                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total        11440                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.005594                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005594                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.005594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.005594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu09.inst 129621.062500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129621.062500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu09.inst 129621.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 129621.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu09.inst 129621.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 129621.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2248                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              13                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   172.923077                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu09.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu09.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu09.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu09.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu09.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu09.inst           52                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.inst      7183748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7183748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.inst      7183748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7183748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.inst      7183748                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7183748                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.004545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.004545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.004545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.inst       138149                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       138149                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.inst       138149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       138149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.inst       138149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       138149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.branchPred.lookups                 10175                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu10.branchPred.condPredicted            9523                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu10.branchPred.condIncorrect             155                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu10.branchPred.BTBLookups               5126                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu10.branchPred.BTBHits                  5031                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu10.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu10.branchPred.BTBHitPct           98.146703                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu10.branchPred.usedRAS                   280                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu10.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                          37227                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.fetch.icacheStallCycles             2096                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu10.fetch.Insts                        42051                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu10.fetch.Branches                     10175                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu10.fetch.predictedBranches             5311                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu10.fetch.Cycles                       25792                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu10.fetch.SquashCycles                   401                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu10.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 62                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu10.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          334                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu10.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           71                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu10.fetch.CacheLines                   11112                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu10.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  35                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::samples            28555                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.565540                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::stdev           1.230523                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::0                   6820     23.88%     23.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::1                  10056     35.22%     59.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::2                    389      1.36%     60.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::3                  11290     39.54%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::max_value              3                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::total              28555                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.branchRate                0.273323                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu10.fetch.rate                      1.129583                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu10.decode.IdleCycles                   1780                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu10.decode.BlockedCycles                6653                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu10.decode.RunCycles                   19626                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu10.decode.UnblockCycles                 322                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu10.decode.SquashCycles                  174                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu10.decode.BranchResolved                272                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu10.decode.BranchMispred                  27                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu10.decode.DecodedInsts                41448                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu10.decode.SquashedInsts                 526                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu10.rename.SquashCycles                  174                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu10.rename.IdleCycles                   2392                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu10.rename.BlockCycles                   284                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu10.rename.serializeStallCycles         6018                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu10.rename.RunCycles                   19300                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu10.rename.UnblockCycles                 387                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu10.rename.RenamedInsts                40703                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu10.rename.SquashedInsts                 158                       # Number of squashed instructions processed by rename
system.cpu10.rename.ROBFullEvents                 223                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu10.rename.SQFullEvents                   47                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu10.rename.RenamedOperands             71633                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu10.rename.RenameLookups              197263                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu10.rename.int_rename_lookups          54515                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu10.rename.CommittedMaps               69594                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu10.rename.UndoneMaps                   2036                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu10.rename.serializingInsts               69                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu10.rename.tempSerializingInsts           69                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu10.rename.skidInsts                     829                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu10.memDep0.insertedLoads               5687                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu10.memDep0.insertedStores              1064                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu10.memDep0.conflictingLoads             357                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu10.memDep0.conflictingStores            220                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu10.iq.iqInstsAdded                    40388                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               136                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu10.iq.iqInstsIssued                   40142                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              48                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          1480                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined         2870                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        28555                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.405778                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      1.095708                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              8636     30.24%     30.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              4685     16.41%     46.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             10318     36.13%     82.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              4843     16.96%     99.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                73      0.26%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         28555                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  5696     80.50%     80.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0      0.00%     80.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     80.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     80.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     80.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     80.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     80.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     80.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     80.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     80.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     80.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     80.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     80.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     80.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     80.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     80.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     80.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     80.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     80.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     80.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     80.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     80.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     80.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  553      7.82%     88.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 827     11.69%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               33421     83.26%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.01%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               5713     14.23%     97.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              1005      2.50%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::total                40142                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.rate                         1.078303                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu10.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      7076                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu10.iq.fu_busy_rate                 0.176274                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           115962                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           42005                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        39714                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu10.iq.int_alu_accesses                47218                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              1                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          281                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            1                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          193                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           43                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           11                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu10.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu10.iew.iewSquashCycles                  174                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu10.iew.iewBlockCycles                    65                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu10.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   2                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             40527                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                5687                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               1064                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               68                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu10.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    2                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                   0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            1                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           43                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           92                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu10.iew.branchMispredicts                135                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu10.iew.iewExecutedInsts               39884                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                5643                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             257                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu10.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu10.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu10.iew.exec_refs                       6609                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu10.iew.exec_branches                   9363                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu10.iew.exec_stores                      966                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu10.iew.exec_rate                   1.071373                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu10.iew.wb_sent                        39766                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu10.iew.wb_count                       39714                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu10.iew.wb_producers                   27911                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu10.iew.wb_consumers                   47827                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu10.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu10.iew.wb_rate                     1.066806                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu10.iew.wb_fanout                   0.583582                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu10.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu10.commit.commitSquashedInsts          1213                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           121                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu10.commit.branchMispredicts             129                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        28317                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.378818                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.782250                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0         9627     34.00%     34.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        13291     46.94%     80.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2          502      1.77%     82.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3          326      1.15%     83.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          109      0.38%     84.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3810     13.45%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          394      1.39%     99.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          143      0.50%     99.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8          115      0.41%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        28317                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committedInsts              37704                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.commit.committedOps                39044                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu10.commit.refs                         6277                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu10.commit.loads                        5406                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu10.commit.membars                        53                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu10.commit.branches                     9276                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu10.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu10.commit.int_insts                   30001                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu10.commit.function_calls                143                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          32765     83.92%     83.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.01%     83.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     83.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     83.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     83.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     83.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     83.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     83.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     83.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     83.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          5406     13.85%     97.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          871      2.23%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::total           39044                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.bw_lim_events                 115                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu10.rob.rob_reads                      67900                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu10.rob.rob_writes                     80766                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu10.timesIdled                            51                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu10.idleCycles                          8672                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu10.quiesceCycles                      77058                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu10.committedInsts                     37704                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu10.committedOps                       39044                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu10.cpi                             0.987349                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu10.cpi_total                       0.987349                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu10.ipc                             1.012813                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu10.ipc_total                       1.012813                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu10.int_regfile_reads                  53134                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu10.int_regfile_writes                 16699                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu10.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu10.cc_regfile_reads                  136293                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu10.cc_regfile_writes                  53764                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu10.misc_regfile_reads                  7806                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu10.misc_regfile_writes                  106                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           6.879695                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.total_refs              6331                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              25                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.avg_refs          253.240000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.data     6.879695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.006718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.006718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.024414                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           12941                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.data_accesses          12941                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.data         5506                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          5506                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu10.data          822                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          822                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu10.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu10.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::cpu10.data         6328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total           6328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::cpu10.data         6329                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total          6329                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.data           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu10.data           21                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           21                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu10.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu10.data           23                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           23                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu10.data            9                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            9                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::cpu10.data           74                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total           74                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::cpu10.data           75                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total           75                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu10.data      4821719                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4821719                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu10.data      3763000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3763000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu10.data      1436959                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1436959                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu10.data        66999                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        66999                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu10.data       366500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       366500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu10.data      8584719                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      8584719                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu10.data      8584719                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      8584719                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.data         5559                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5559                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu10.data          843                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          843                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu10.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu10.data           26                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           26                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu10.data            9                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            9                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu10.data         6402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total         6402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu10.data         6404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total         6404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.009534                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009534                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.024911                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.024911                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.884615                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.884615                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.011559                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011559                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.011711                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011711                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu10.data 90975.830189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90975.830189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu10.data 179190.476190                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179190.476190                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu10.data 62476.478261                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62476.478261                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu10.data  7444.333333                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7444.333333                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu10.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu10.data 116009.716216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 116009.716216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu10.data 114462.920000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114462.920000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          173                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          173                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu10.data           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu10.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu10.data           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu10.data           40                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu10.data           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu10.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu10.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu10.data           23                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu10.data            9                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu10.data           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu10.data           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.data      2157007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2157007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.data      1166500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1166500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.data         9000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.data      1350041                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1350041                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.data        56501                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        56501                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.data       348500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       348500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.data      3323507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3323507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.data      3332507                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3332507                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.004857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.008304                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008304                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.884615                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.884615                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu10.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.005311                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005311                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.005465                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005465                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.data 79889.148148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79889.148148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.data 166642.857143                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166642.857143                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.data         9000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.data 58697.434783                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58697.434783                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.data  6277.888889                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6277.888889                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.data 97750.205882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97750.205882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.data 95214.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95214.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tagsinuse          11.952370                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.tags.total_refs             11046                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.sampled_refs              52                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.avg_refs          212.423077                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst    11.952370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.023344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.023344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.101562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tag_accesses           22274                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.icache.tags.data_accesses          22274                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.inst        11046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         11046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::cpu10.inst        11046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total          11046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::cpu10.inst        11046                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total         11046                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.inst           65                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           65                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::cpu10.inst           65                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           65                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::cpu10.inst           65                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           65                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu10.inst      8739748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8739748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu10.inst      8739748                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8739748                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu10.inst      8739748                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8739748                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.inst        11111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        11111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::cpu10.inst        11111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total        11111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::cpu10.inst        11111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total        11111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.005850                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005850                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.005850                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005850                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.005850                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005850                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu10.inst 134457.661538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 134457.661538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu10.inst 134457.661538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 134457.661538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu10.inst 134457.661538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 134457.661538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2607                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              14                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   186.214286                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu10.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu10.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu10.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu10.inst           52                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.inst      7431998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7431998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.inst      7431998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7431998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.inst      7431998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7431998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.004680                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004680                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.004680                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004680                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.004680                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004680                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.inst 142923.038462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 142923.038462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.inst 142923.038462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 142923.038462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.inst 142923.038462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 142923.038462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.branchPred.lookups                 10513                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu11.branchPred.condPredicted            9877                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu11.branchPred.condIncorrect             147                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu11.branchPred.BTBLookups               5290                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu11.branchPred.BTBHits                  5206                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu11.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu11.branchPred.BTBHitPct           98.412098                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu11.branchPred.usedRAS                   281                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu11.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                          36490                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.fetch.icacheStallCycles             1599                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu11.fetch.Insts                        43360                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu11.fetch.Branches                     10513                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu11.fetch.predictedBranches             5487                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu11.fetch.Cycles                       24879                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu11.fetch.SquashCycles                   389                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu11.fetch.MiscStallCycles                130                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu11.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          329                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu11.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu11.fetch.CacheLines                   11405                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu11.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  29                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::samples            27157                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.694370                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::stdev           1.192190                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::0                   4780     17.60%     17.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::1                  10377     38.21%     55.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::2                    363      1.34%     57.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::3                  11637     42.85%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::max_value              3                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::total              27157                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.branchRate                0.288106                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu11.fetch.rate                      1.188271                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu11.decode.IdleCycles                   1849                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu11.decode.BlockedCycles                4474                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu11.decode.RunCycles                   20366                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu11.decode.UnblockCycles                 301                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu11.decode.SquashCycles                  167                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu11.decode.BranchResolved                272                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu11.decode.BranchMispred                  27                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu11.decode.DecodedInsts                42996                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu11.decode.SquashedInsts                 521                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu11.rename.SquashCycles                  167                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu11.rename.IdleCycles                   2444                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu11.rename.BlockCycles                  1297                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu11.rename.serializeStallCycles         2894                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu11.rename.RunCycles                   20034                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu11.rename.UnblockCycles                 321                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu11.rename.RenamedInsts                42259                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu11.rename.SquashedInsts                 158                       # Number of squashed instructions processed by rename
system.cpu11.rename.ROBFullEvents                 239                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu11.rename.RenamedOperands             74428                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu11.rename.RenameLookups              204882                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu11.rename.int_rename_lookups          56676                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu11.rename.CommittedMaps               72393                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu11.rename.UndoneMaps                   2032                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu11.rename.serializingInsts               52                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu11.rename.tempSerializingInsts           52                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu11.rename.skidInsts                     787                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu11.memDep0.insertedLoads               5902                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu11.memDep0.insertedStores              1086                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu11.memDep0.conflictingLoads             380                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu11.memDep0.conflictingStores            231                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu11.iq.iqInstsAdded                    41966                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               112                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu11.iq.iqInstsIssued                   41703                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              67                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          1498                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined         2827                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            5                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        27157                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.535626                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      1.056665                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              6521     24.01%     24.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              4759     17.52%     41.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             10759     39.62%     81.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              5046     18.58%     99.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                72      0.27%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         27157                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  5975     80.62%     80.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0      0.00%     80.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     80.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     80.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     80.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     80.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     80.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     80.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     80.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     80.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     80.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     80.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     80.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     80.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     80.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     80.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     80.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     80.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     80.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     80.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     80.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     80.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     80.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  573      7.73%     88.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 863     11.64%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               34751     83.33%     83.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.01%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               5926     14.21%     97.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              1023      2.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::total                41703                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.rate                         1.142861                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu11.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      7411                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu11.iq.fu_busy_rate                 0.177709                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           118040                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           43577                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        41266                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu11.iq.int_alu_accesses                49114                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              1                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          287                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            1                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          197                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           43                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            2                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu11.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu11.iew.iewSquashCycles                  167                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu11.iew.iewBlockCycles                    76                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu11.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   2                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             42080                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                5902                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               1086                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               52                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu11.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    2                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                   0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            1                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           44                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           82                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu11.iew.branchMispredicts                126                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu11.iew.iewExecutedInsts               41432                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                5864                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             270                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu11.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu11.iew.exec_nop                           2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu11.iew.exec_refs                       6847                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu11.iew.exec_branches                   9730                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu11.iew.exec_stores                      983                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu11.iew.exec_rate                   1.135434                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu11.iew.wb_sent                        41321                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu11.iew.wb_count                       41266                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu11.iew.wb_producers                   29043                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu11.iew.wb_consumers                   49843                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu11.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu11.iew.wb_rate                     1.130885                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu11.iew.wb_fanout                   0.582690                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu11.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu11.commit.commitSquashedInsts          1243                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           107                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu11.commit.branchMispredicts             120                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        26915                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.507709                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.812074                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0         7525     27.96%     27.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        13771     51.16%     79.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2          511      1.90%     81.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3          351      1.30%     82.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          109      0.40%     82.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3969     14.75%     97.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          422      1.57%     99.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          135      0.50%     99.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8          122      0.45%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        26915                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committedInsts              39182                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.commit.committedOps                40580                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu11.commit.refs                         6504                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu11.commit.loads                        5615                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu11.commit.membars                        55                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu11.commit.branches                     9644                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu11.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu11.commit.int_insts                   31179                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu11.commit.function_calls                149                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          34074     83.97%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          5615     13.84%     97.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          889      2.19%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::total           40580                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.bw_lim_events                 122                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu11.rob.rob_reads                      68031                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu11.rob.rob_writes                     83902                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu11.timesIdled                            48                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu11.idleCycles                          9333                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu11.quiesceCycles                      77795                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu11.committedInsts                     39182                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu11.committedOps                       40580                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu11.cpi                             0.931295                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu11.cpi_total                       0.931295                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu11.ipc                             1.073774                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu11.ipc_total                       1.073774                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu11.int_regfile_reads                  55237                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu11.int_regfile_writes                 17356                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu11.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu11.cc_regfile_reads                  141567                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu11.cc_regfile_writes                  55949                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu11.misc_regfile_reads                  8030                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu11.misc_regfile_writes                   32                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           6.972000                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.total_refs              6618                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              26                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.avg_refs          254.538462                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.data     6.972000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.006809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.006809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.025391                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           13443                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.data_accesses          13443                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.data         5755                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          5755                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu11.data          860                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          860                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu11.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::cpu11.data         6615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total           6615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::cpu11.data         6616                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total          6616                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.data           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu11.data           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu11.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu11.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu11.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::cpu11.data           71                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total           71                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::cpu11.data           72                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total           72                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu11.data      7576464                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7576464                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu11.data      6015500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6015500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu11.data       319493                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       319493                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu11.data        36000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        36000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu11.data        97000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        97000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu11.data     13591964                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     13591964                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu11.data     13591964                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     13591964                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.data         5807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu11.data          879                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          879                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu11.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu11.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu11.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu11.data         6686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total         6686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu11.data         6688                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total         6688                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.008955                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008955                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.021615                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.021615                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.010619                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010619                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.010766                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010766                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu11.data 145701.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 145701.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu11.data 316605.263158                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 316605.263158                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu11.data 45641.857143                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45641.857143                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu11.data         7200                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total         7200                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu11.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu11.data 191436.112676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 191436.112676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu11.data 188777.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 188777.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          232                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          232                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu11.data           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu11.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu11.data           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu11.data           37                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu11.data           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu11.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu11.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu11.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu11.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu11.data           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu11.data           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.data      3209008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3209008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.data      1926500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1926500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.data         9000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.data       295007                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       295007                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.data        27000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        27000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.data        91000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        91000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.data      5135508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5135508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.data      5144508                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5144508                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.004650                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004650                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.007964                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007964                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu11.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu11.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.005085                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005085                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.005233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.data 118852.148148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118852.148148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.data 275214.285714                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 275214.285714                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.data         9000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.data 42143.857143                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42143.857143                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.data         5400                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         5400                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.data 151044.352941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 151044.352941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.data 146985.942857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 146985.942857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tagsinuse          11.363290                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.tags.total_refs             11346                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.sampled_refs              51                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.avg_refs          222.470588                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst    11.363290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.022194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.022194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.099609                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tag_accesses           22859                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.icache.tags.data_accesses          22859                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.inst        11346                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         11346                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::cpu11.inst        11346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total          11346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::cpu11.inst        11346                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total         11346                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::cpu11.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::cpu11.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu11.inst      8427500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8427500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu11.inst      8427500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8427500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu11.inst      8427500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8427500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.inst        11404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        11404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::cpu11.inst        11404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total        11404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::cpu11.inst        11404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total        11404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.005086                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005086                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.005086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.005086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu11.inst 145301.724138                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 145301.724138                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu11.inst 145301.724138                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 145301.724138                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu11.inst 145301.724138                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 145301.724138                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2309                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              12                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   192.416667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu11.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu11.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu11.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu11.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu11.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu11.inst           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.inst      7239750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7239750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.inst      7239750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7239750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.inst      7239750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7239750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.004472                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004472                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.004472                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004472                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.004472                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004472                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.inst 141955.882353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 141955.882353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.inst 141955.882353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 141955.882353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.inst 141955.882353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 141955.882353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.branchPred.lookups                 10370                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu12.branchPred.condPredicted            9756                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu12.branchPred.condIncorrect             143                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu12.branchPred.BTBLookups               5216                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu12.branchPred.BTBHits                  5136                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu12.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu12.branchPred.BTBHitPct           98.466258                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu12.branchPred.usedRAS                   273                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu12.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                          35173                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.fetch.icacheStallCycles             1668                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu12.fetch.Insts                        42721                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu12.fetch.Branches                     10370                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu12.fetch.predictedBranches             5409                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu12.fetch.Cycles                       24260                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu12.fetch.SquashCycles                   379                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu12.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 76                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu12.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          294                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu12.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           57                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu12.fetch.CacheLines                   11217                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu12.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  31                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::samples            26544                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.706563                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::stdev           1.187875                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::0                   4515     17.01%     17.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::1                  10219     38.50%     55.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::2                    350      1.32%     56.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::3                  11460     43.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::max_value              3                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::total              26544                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.branchRate                0.294828                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu12.fetch.rate                      1.214596                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu12.decode.IdleCycles                   1674                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu12.decode.BlockedCycles                4289                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu12.decode.RunCycles                   20135                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu12.decode.UnblockCycles                 284                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu12.decode.SquashCycles                  162                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu12.decode.BranchResolved                266                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu12.decode.BranchMispred                  27                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu12.decode.DecodedInsts                42412                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu12.decode.SquashedInsts                 541                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu12.rename.SquashCycles                  162                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu12.rename.IdleCycles                   2254                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu12.rename.BlockCycles                  1561                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu12.rename.serializeStallCycles         2420                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu12.rename.RunCycles                   19802                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu12.rename.UnblockCycles                 345                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu12.rename.RenamedInsts                41697                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu12.rename.SquashedInsts                 152                       # Number of squashed instructions processed by rename
system.cpu12.rename.ROBFullEvents                 234                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu12.rename.SQFullEvents                   35                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu12.rename.RenamedOperands             73541                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu12.rename.RenameLookups              202121                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu12.rename.int_rename_lookups          55911                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu12.rename.CommittedMaps               71539                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu12.rename.UndoneMaps                   1999                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu12.rename.serializingInsts               48                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu12.rename.tempSerializingInsts           48                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu12.rename.skidInsts                     766                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu12.memDep0.insertedLoads               5825                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu12.memDep0.insertedStores              1071                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu12.memDep0.conflictingLoads             371                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu12.memDep0.conflictingStores            226                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu12.iq.iqInstsAdded                    41451                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               104                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu12.iq.iqInstsIssued                   41172                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              40                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          1475                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined         2916                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            2                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        26544                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.551085                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      1.050342                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              6157     23.20%     23.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              4731     17.82%     41.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             10599     39.93%     80.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              4985     18.78%     99.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                72      0.27%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         26544                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  5870     80.42%     80.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0      0.00%     80.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     80.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     80.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     80.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     80.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     80.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     80.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     80.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     80.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     80.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     80.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     80.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     80.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     80.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     80.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     80.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     80.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     80.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     80.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     80.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     80.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     80.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  575      7.88%     88.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 854     11.70%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               34310     83.33%     83.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.01%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               5848     14.20%     97.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              1011      2.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::total                41172                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.rate                         1.170557                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu12.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      7299                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu12.iq.fu_busy_rate                 0.177281                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           116226                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           43031                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        40743                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu12.iq.int_alu_accesses                48471                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          285                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            1                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          203                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           43                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            2                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu12.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu12.iew.iewSquashCycles                  162                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu12.iew.iewBlockCycles                    64                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu12.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   2                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             41557                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                5825                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               1071                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               48                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu12.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    2                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                   0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            1                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           43                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           80                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu12.iew.branchMispredicts                123                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu12.iew.iewExecutedInsts               40909                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                5775                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             262                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu12.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu12.iew.exec_nop                           2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu12.iew.exec_refs                       6747                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu12.iew.exec_branches                   9614                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu12.iew.exec_stores                      972                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu12.iew.exec_rate                   1.163080                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu12.iew.wb_sent                        40796                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu12.iew.wb_count                       40743                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu12.iew.wb_producers                   28695                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu12.iew.wb_consumers                   49212                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu12.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu12.iew.wb_rate                     1.158360                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu12.iew.wb_fanout                   0.583089                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu12.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu12.commit.commitSquashedInsts          1198                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           102                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu12.commit.branchMispredicts             116                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        26319                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.522854                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.816701                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0         7184     27.30%     27.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        13590     51.64%     78.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2          499      1.90%     80.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3          343      1.30%     82.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          106      0.40%     82.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3928     14.92%     97.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          403      1.53%     98.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          147      0.56%     99.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8          119      0.45%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        26319                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committedInsts              38711                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.commit.committedOps                40080                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu12.commit.refs                         6408                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu12.commit.loads                        5540                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu12.commit.membars                        54                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu12.commit.branches                     9530                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu12.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu12.commit.int_insts                   30788                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu12.commit.function_calls                146                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          33670     84.01%     84.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.00%     84.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     84.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     84.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     84.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     84.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     84.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          5540     13.82%     97.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          868      2.17%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::total           40080                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.bw_lim_events                 119                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu12.rob.rob_reads                      66906                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu12.rob.rob_writes                     82795                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu12.timesIdled                            48                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu12.idleCycles                          8629                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu12.quiesceCycles                      79112                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu12.committedInsts                     38711                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu12.committedOps                       40080                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu12.cpi                             0.908605                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu12.cpi_total                       0.908605                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu12.ipc                             1.100589                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu12.ipc_total                       1.100589                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu12.int_regfile_reads                  54570                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu12.int_regfile_writes                 17103                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu12.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu12.cc_regfile_reads                  139716                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu12.cc_regfile_writes                  55262                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu12.misc_regfile_reads                  7920                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu12.misc_regfile_writes                   18                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           6.476476                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.total_refs              6517                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              25                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.avg_refs          260.680000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.data     6.476476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.006325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.006325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.024414                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           13227                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.data_accesses          13227                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.data         5673                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          5673                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu12.data          841                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          841                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu12.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::cpu12.data         6514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total           6514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::cpu12.data         6515                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total          6515                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.data           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu12.data           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu12.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu12.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu12.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::cpu12.data           70                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total           70                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::cpu12.data           71                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total           71                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu12.data      7840249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7840249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu12.data      6624250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6624250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu12.data       133500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       133500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu12.data        36000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        36000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu12.data        50000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        50000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu12.data     14464499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     14464499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu12.data     14464499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     14464499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.data         5723                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5723                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu12.data          861                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          861                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu12.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu12.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu12.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu12.data         6584                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total         6584                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu12.data         6586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total         6586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.008737                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008737                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.023229                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.023229                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.010632                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010632                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.010780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu12.data 156804.980000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156804.980000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu12.data 331212.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 331212.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu12.data        33375                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        33375                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu12.data         9000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total         9000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu12.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu12.data 206635.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 206635.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu12.data 203725.338028                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 203725.338028                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          264                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          264                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu12.data           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu12.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu12.data           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu12.data           36                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu12.data           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu12.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu12.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu12.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu12.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu12.data           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu12.data           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.data      3206751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3206751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.data      2295250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2295250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.data         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.data       121500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       121500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.data        27000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        27000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.data        47000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        47000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.data      5502001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5502001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.data      5511501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5511501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.004718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.008130                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008130                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu12.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu12.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.005164                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005164                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.005314                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005314                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.data 118768.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118768.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.data 327892.857143                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327892.857143                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.data         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.data        30375                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        30375                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.data         6750                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         6750                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.data 161823.558824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161823.558824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.data 157471.457143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157471.457143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tags.tagsinuse          11.160735                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.tags.total_refs             11157                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.sampled_refs              51                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.avg_refs          218.764706                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst    11.160735                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.021798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.021798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.099609                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.tag_accesses           22483                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.icache.tags.data_accesses          22483                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.inst        11157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         11157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::cpu12.inst        11157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total          11157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::cpu12.inst        11157                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total         11157                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::cpu12.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::cpu12.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu12.inst      7882000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7882000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu12.inst      7882000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7882000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu12.inst      7882000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7882000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.inst        11216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        11216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::cpu12.inst        11216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total        11216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::cpu12.inst        11216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total        11216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.005260                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005260                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.005260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.005260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu12.inst 133593.220339                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 133593.220339                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu12.inst 133593.220339                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 133593.220339                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu12.inst 133593.220339                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 133593.220339                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2260                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              12                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   188.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu12.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu12.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu12.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu12.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu12.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu12.inst           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.inst      6995250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6995250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.inst      6995250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6995250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.inst      6995250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6995250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.004547                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004547                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.004547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.004547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.inst 137161.764706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137161.764706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.inst 137161.764706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137161.764706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.inst 137161.764706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137161.764706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.branchPred.lookups                  9043                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu13.branchPred.condPredicted            8431                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu13.branchPred.condIncorrect             149                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu13.branchPred.BTBLookups               4561                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu13.branchPred.BTBHits                  4470                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu13.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu13.branchPred.BTBHitPct           98.004824                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu13.branchPred.usedRAS                   258                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu13.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                          34368                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.fetch.icacheStallCycles             1923                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu13.fetch.Insts                        37452                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu13.fetch.Branches                      9043                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu13.fetch.predictedBranches             4728                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu13.fetch.Cycles                       23750                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu13.fetch.SquashCycles                   381                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu13.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 83                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          194                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu13.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           88                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu13.fetch.CacheLines                    9931                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu13.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  31                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::samples            26228                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.523410                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::stdev           1.241106                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::0                   6834     26.06%     26.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::1                   8926     34.03%     60.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::2                    374      1.43%     61.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::3                  10094     38.49%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::max_value              3                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::total              26228                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.branchRate                0.263123                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu13.fetch.rate                      1.089735                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu13.decode.IdleCycles                   1672                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu13.decode.BlockedCycles                6597                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu13.decode.RunCycles                   17502                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu13.decode.UnblockCycles                 293                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu13.decode.SquashCycles                  164                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu13.decode.BranchResolved                257                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu13.decode.BranchMispred                  27                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu13.decode.DecodedInsts                36969                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu13.decode.SquashedInsts                 517                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu13.rename.SquashCycles                  164                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu13.rename.IdleCycles                   2250                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu13.rename.BlockCycles                   270                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu13.rename.serializeStallCycles         6015                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu13.rename.RunCycles                   17189                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu13.rename.UnblockCycles                 340                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu13.rename.RenamedInsts                36251                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu13.rename.SquashedInsts                 160                       # Number of squashed instructions processed by rename
system.cpu13.rename.ROBFullEvents                 189                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu13.rename.SQFullEvents                   40                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu13.rename.RenamedOperands             63508                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu13.rename.RenameLookups              175638                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu13.rename.int_rename_lookups          48493                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu13.rename.CommittedMaps               61558                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu13.rename.UndoneMaps                   1950                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu13.rename.serializingInsts               70                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu13.rename.tempSerializingInsts           70                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu13.rename.skidInsts                     750                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu13.memDep0.insertedLoads               5085                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu13.memDep0.insertedStores              1010                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu13.memDep0.conflictingLoads             318                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu13.memDep0.conflictingStores            200                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu13.iq.iqInstsAdded                    35938                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               132                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu13.iq.iqInstsIssued                   35689                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              50                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          1473                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined         2815                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        26228                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.360721                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      1.106317                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              8502     32.42%     32.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              4216     16.07%     48.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              9128     34.80%     83.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              4311     16.44%     99.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                71      0.27%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         26228                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  5000     79.87%     79.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0      0.00%     79.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     79.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0      0.00%     79.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     79.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     79.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     79.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     79.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     79.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     79.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     79.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     79.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     79.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     79.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     79.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     79.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     79.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     79.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     79.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     79.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     79.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     79.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     79.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     79.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     79.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     79.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  496      7.92%     87.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 764     12.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               29648     83.07%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.01%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               5095     14.28%     97.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               943      2.64%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::total                35689                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.rate                         1.038437                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu13.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      6260                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu13.iq.fu_busy_rate                 0.175404                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           103914                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           37544                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        35281                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu13.iq.int_alu_accesses                41949                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          285                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            1                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          211                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           38                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            2                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu13.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu13.iew.iewSquashCycles                  164                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu13.iew.iewBlockCycles                    70                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu13.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   2                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             36073                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                5085                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               1010                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               70                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu13.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    1                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                   0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            1                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           39                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           90                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu13.iew.branchMispredicts                129                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu13.iew.iewExecutedInsts               35436                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                5030                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             251                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu13.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu13.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu13.iew.exec_refs                       5933                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu13.iew.exec_branches                   8295                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu13.iew.exec_stores                      903                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu13.iew.exec_rate                   1.031075                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu13.iew.wb_sent                        35330                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu13.iew.wb_count                       35281                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu13.iew.wb_producers                   24705                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu13.iew.wb_consumers                   42272                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu13.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu13.iew.wb_rate                     1.026565                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu13.iew.wb_fanout                   0.584429                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu13.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu13.commit.commitSquashedInsts          1203                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           118                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu13.commit.branchMispredicts             123                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        25995                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.330910                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.766507                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0         9396     36.15%     36.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        11822     45.48%     81.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2          450      1.73%     83.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3          281      1.08%     84.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4           95      0.37%     84.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3380     13.00%     97.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          343      1.32%     99.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          130      0.50%     99.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8           98      0.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        25995                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committedInsts              33378                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.commit.committedOps                34597                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu13.commit.refs                         5599                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu13.commit.loads                        4800                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu13.commit.membars                        48                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu13.commit.branches                     8208                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu13.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu13.commit.int_insts                   26602                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu13.commit.function_calls                130                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          28996     83.81%     83.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.01%     83.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     83.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     83.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     83.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     83.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     83.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     83.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     83.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     83.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          4800     13.87%     97.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          799      2.31%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::total           34597                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.bw_lim_events                  98                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu13.rob.rob_reads                      61190                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu13.rob.rob_writes                     71860                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu13.timesIdled                            47                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu13.idleCycles                          8140                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu13.quiesceCycles                      79917                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu13.committedInsts                     33378                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu13.committedOps                       34597                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu13.cpi                             1.029660                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu13.cpi_total                       1.029660                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu13.ipc                             0.971194                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu13.ipc_total                       0.971194                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu13.int_regfile_reads                  47135                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu13.int_regfile_writes                 14919                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu13.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu13.cc_regfile_reads                  121161                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu13.cc_regfile_writes                  47507                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu13.misc_regfile_reads                  7096                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu13.misc_regfile_writes                  128                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           6.478246                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.total_refs              5656                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              25                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.avg_refs          226.240000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.data     6.478246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.006326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.006326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.024414                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           11616                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.data_accesses          11616                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.data         4908                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          4908                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu13.data          745                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          745                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu13.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu13.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::cpu13.data         5653                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total           5653                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::cpu13.data         5654                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total          5654                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.data           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu13.data           21                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           21                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu13.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu13.data           29                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           29                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu13.data           16                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           16                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::cpu13.data           69                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total           69                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::cpu13.data           70                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total           70                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu13.data      4294729                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4294729                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu13.data      3144750                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3144750                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu13.data      1061915                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1061915                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu13.data        87499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        87499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu13.data       828500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       828500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu13.data      7439479                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      7439479                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu13.data      7439479                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      7439479                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.data         4956                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4956                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu13.data          766                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          766                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu13.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu13.data           30                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           30                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu13.data           16                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           16                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu13.data         5722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total         5722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu13.data         5724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total         5724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.009685                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009685                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.027415                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.027415                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.966667                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.966667                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.012059                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012059                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.012229                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012229                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu13.data 89473.520833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89473.520833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu13.data       149750                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total       149750                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu13.data 36617.758621                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36617.758621                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu13.data  5468.687500                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5468.687500                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu13.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu13.data 107818.536232                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107818.536232                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu13.data 106278.271429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106278.271429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          332                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          332                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu13.data           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu13.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu13.data           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu13.data           35                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu13.data           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu13.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu13.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu13.data           29                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu13.data           16                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu13.data           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu13.data           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.data      1888005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1888005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.data       953250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       953250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.data         9000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.data       956585                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       956585                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.data        77001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        77001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.data       789500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       789500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.data      2841255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2841255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.data      2850255                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2850255                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.005448                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005448                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.009138                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009138                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu13.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.005942                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005942                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.006115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.data 69926.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69926.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.data 136178.571429                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 136178.571429                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.data         9000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.data 32985.689655                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32985.689655                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.data  4812.562500                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4812.562500                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.data 83566.323529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83566.323529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.data 81435.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81435.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tags.tagsinuse          11.167227                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.tags.total_refs              9871                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.sampled_refs              51                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.avg_refs          193.549020                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst    11.167227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.021811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.021811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.099609                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.tag_accesses           19911                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.icache.tags.data_accesses          19911                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.inst         9871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          9871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::cpu13.inst         9871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total           9871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::cpu13.inst         9871                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total          9871                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::cpu13.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::cpu13.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu13.inst      8082748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8082748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu13.inst      8082748                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8082748                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu13.inst      8082748                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8082748                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.inst         9930                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9930                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::cpu13.inst         9930                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total         9930                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::cpu13.inst         9930                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total         9930                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.005942                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005942                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.005942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.005942                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005942                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu13.inst 136995.728814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 136995.728814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu13.inst 136995.728814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 136995.728814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu13.inst 136995.728814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 136995.728814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2633                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              14                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   188.071429                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu13.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu13.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu13.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu13.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu13.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu13.inst           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.inst      7120498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7120498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.inst      7120498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7120498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.inst      7120498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7120498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.005136                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005136                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.005136                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005136                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.005136                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005136                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.inst 139617.607843                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 139617.607843                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.inst 139617.607843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 139617.607843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.inst 139617.607843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 139617.607843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.branchPred.lookups                  8576                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu14.branchPred.condPredicted            7982                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu14.branchPred.condIncorrect             149                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu14.branchPred.BTBLookups               4311                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu14.branchPred.BTBHits                  4215                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu14.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu14.branchPred.BTBHitPct           97.773138                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu14.branchPred.usedRAS                   249                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu14.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                          33764                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.fetch.icacheStallCycles             2092                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu14.fetch.Insts                        35574                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu14.fetch.Branches                      8576                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu14.fetch.predictedBranches             4464                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu14.fetch.Cycles                       22472                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu14.fetch.SquashCycles                   375                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu14.fetch.MiscStallCycles                106                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu14.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          182                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu14.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           84                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu14.fetch.CacheLines                    9434                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu14.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  33                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::samples            25123                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.512081                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::stdev           1.243646                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::0                   6687     26.62%     26.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::1                   8486     33.78%     60.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::2                    348      1.39%     61.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::3                   9602     38.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::max_value              3                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::total              25123                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.branchRate                0.253998                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu14.fetch.rate                      1.053607                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu14.decode.IdleCycles                   1692                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu14.decode.BlockedCycles                6404                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu14.decode.RunCycles                   16603                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu14.decode.UnblockCycles                 263                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu14.decode.SquashCycles                  161                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu14.decode.BranchResolved                244                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu14.decode.BranchMispred                  27                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu14.decode.DecodedInsts                34967                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu14.decode.SquashedInsts                 517                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu14.rename.SquashCycles                  161                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu14.rename.IdleCycles                   2251                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu14.rename.BlockCycles                   273                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu14.rename.serializeStallCycles         5854                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu14.rename.RunCycles                   16280                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu14.rename.UnblockCycles                 304                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu14.rename.RenamedInsts                34273                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu14.rename.SquashedInsts                 156                       # Number of squashed instructions processed by rename
system.cpu14.rename.ROBFullEvents                 178                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu14.rename.SQFullEvents                   26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu14.rename.RenamedOperands             60075                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu14.rename.RenameLookups              166032                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu14.rename.int_rename_lookups          45833                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu14.rename.CommittedMaps               58225                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu14.rename.UndoneMaps                   1850                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu14.rename.serializingInsts               64                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu14.rename.tempSerializingInsts           64                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu14.rename.skidInsts                     700                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu14.memDep0.insertedLoads               4800                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu14.memDep0.insertedStores               945                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu14.memDep0.conflictingLoads             293                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu14.memDep0.conflictingStores            185                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu14.iq.iqInstsAdded                    33978                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               126                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu14.iq.iqInstsIssued                   33751                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              31                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          1391                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined         2613                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        25123                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.343430                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      1.108781                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              8336     33.18%     33.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              4034     16.06%     49.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              8605     34.25%     83.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              4085     16.26%     99.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                63      0.25%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         25123                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  4706     79.71%     79.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0      0.00%     79.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     79.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0      0.00%     79.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     79.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     79.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     79.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     79.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     79.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     79.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     79.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     79.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     79.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     79.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     79.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     79.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     79.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     79.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     79.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     79.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     79.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     79.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     79.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     79.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     79.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     79.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  474      8.03%     87.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 724     12.26%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               28036     83.07%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.01%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               4819     14.28%     97.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               893      2.65%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::total                33751                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.rate                         0.999615                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu14.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      5904                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu14.iq.fu_busy_rate                 0.174928                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            98560                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           35496                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        33360                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu14.iq.int_alu_accesses                39655                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          271                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            1                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          191                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           36                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            2                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu14.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu14.iew.iewSquashCycles                  161                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu14.iew.iewBlockCycles                    62                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu14.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   2                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             34106                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                4800                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                945                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               64                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu14.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    2                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                   0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            1                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           38                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           89                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu14.iew.branchMispredicts                127                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu14.iew.iewExecutedInsts               33511                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                4752                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             240                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu14.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu14.iew.exec_nop                           2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu14.iew.exec_refs                       5609                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu14.iew.exec_branches                   7841                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu14.iew.exec_stores                      857                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu14.iew.exec_rate                   0.992507                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu14.iew.wb_sent                        33406                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu14.iew.wb_count                       33360                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu14.iew.wb_producers                   23373                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu14.iew.wb_consumers                   39960                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu14.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu14.iew.wb_rate                     0.988035                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu14.iew.wb_fanout                   0.584910                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu14.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu14.commit.commitSquashedInsts          1150                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           108                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu14.commit.branchMispredicts             123                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        24901                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.313722                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.760581                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0         9210     36.99%     36.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        11166     44.84%     81.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2          430      1.73%     83.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3          265      1.06%     84.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4           94      0.38%     85.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3204     12.87%     97.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          317      1.27%     99.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          126      0.51%     99.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8           89      0.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        24901                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committedInsts              31568                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.commit.committedOps                32713                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu14.commit.refs                         5283                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu14.commit.loads                        4529                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu14.commit.membars                        45                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu14.commit.branches                     7762                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu14.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu14.commit.int_insts                   25151                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu14.commit.function_calls                123                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          27428     83.84%     83.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.01%     83.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     83.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     83.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     83.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     83.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     83.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     83.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     83.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     83.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          4529     13.84%     97.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          754      2.30%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::total           32713                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.bw_lim_events                  89                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu14.rob.rob_reads                      58201                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu14.rob.rob_writes                     67949                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu14.timesIdled                            50                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu14.idleCycles                          8641                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu14.quiesceCycles                      80521                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu14.committedInsts                     31568                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu14.committedOps                       32713                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu14.cpi                             1.069564                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu14.cpi_total                       1.069564                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu14.ipc                             0.934960                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu14.ipc_total                       0.934960                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu14.int_regfile_reads                  44589                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu14.int_regfile_writes                 14098                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu14.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu14.cc_regfile_reads                  114543                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu14.cc_regfile_writes                  44925                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu14.misc_regfile_reads                  6766                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu14.misc_regfile_writes                  110                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           6.043146                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.total_refs              5347                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              24                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.avg_refs          222.791667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.data     6.043146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.005902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.005902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.023438                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           10956                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.data_accesses          10956                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.data         4640                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          4640                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu14.data          704                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          704                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu14.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu14.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::cpu14.data         5344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total           5344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::cpu14.data         5345                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total          5345                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.data           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu14.data           21                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           21                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu14.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu14.data           25                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           25                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu14.data            9                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            9                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::cpu14.data           64                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total           64                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::cpu14.data           65                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total           65                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu14.data      5026240                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5026240                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu14.data      4054500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4054500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu14.data      1480452                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1480452                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu14.data        36000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        36000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu14.data       426000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       426000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu14.data      9080740                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      9080740                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu14.data      9080740                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      9080740                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.data         4683                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4683                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu14.data          725                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          725                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu14.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu14.data           27                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           27                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu14.data            9                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            9                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu14.data         5408                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total         5408                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu14.data         5410                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total         5410                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.009182                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009182                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.028966                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.028966                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.925926                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.925926                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.011834                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011834                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.012015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu14.data 116889.302326                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116889.302326                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu14.data 193071.428571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 193071.428571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu14.data 59218.080000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59218.080000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu14.data         4000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total         4000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu14.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu14.data 141886.562500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 141886.562500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu14.data 139703.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 139703.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          325                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          325                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu14.data           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu14.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu14.data           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu14.data           31                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu14.data           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu14.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu14.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu14.data           25                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu14.data            9                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu14.data           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu14.data           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.data      2194002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2194002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.data      1273000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1273000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.data         9000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.data      1388548                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1388548                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.data        27000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        27000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.data       408000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       408000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.data      3467002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3467002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.data      3476002                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3476002                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.005552                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005552                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.009655                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009655                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.925926                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.925926                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu14.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.006102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.006285                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006285                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.data 84384.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84384.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.data 181857.142857                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181857.142857                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.data         9000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.data 55541.920000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55541.920000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.data         3000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         3000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.data 105060.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105060.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.data 102235.352941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102235.352941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tags.tagsinuse          11.005977                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.tags.total_refs              9370                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.sampled_refs              52                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.avg_refs          180.192308                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst    11.005977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.021496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.021496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.101562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.tag_accesses           18918                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.icache.tags.data_accesses          18918                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.inst         9370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          9370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::cpu14.inst         9370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total           9370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::cpu14.inst         9370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total          9370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.inst           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::cpu14.inst           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::cpu14.inst           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu14.inst      8699248                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8699248                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu14.inst      8699248                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8699248                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu14.inst      8699248                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8699248                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.inst         9433                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9433                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::cpu14.inst         9433                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total         9433                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::cpu14.inst         9433                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total         9433                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.006679                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006679                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.006679                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006679                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.006679                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006679                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu14.inst 138083.301587                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 138083.301587                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu14.inst 138083.301587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 138083.301587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu14.inst 138083.301587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 138083.301587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2605                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              14                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   186.071429                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu14.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu14.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu14.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu14.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu14.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu14.inst           52                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.inst      7329248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7329248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.inst      7329248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7329248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.inst      7329248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7329248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.005513                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005513                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.005513                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005513                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.005513                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005513                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.inst 140947.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 140947.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.inst 140947.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 140947.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.inst 140947.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 140947.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.branchPred.lookups                  8848                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu15.branchPred.condPredicted            8270                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu15.branchPred.condIncorrect             145                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu15.branchPred.BTBLookups               4437                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu15.branchPred.BTBHits                  4351                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu15.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu15.branchPred.BTBHitPct           98.061753                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu15.branchPred.usedRAS                   247                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu15.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                          32846                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.fetch.icacheStallCycles             1555                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu15.fetch.Insts                        36572                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu15.fetch.Branches                      8848                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu15.fetch.predictedBranches             4598                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu15.fetch.Cycles                       21902                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu15.fetch.SquashCycles                   371                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu15.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 77                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          175                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu15.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          120                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu15.fetch.CacheLines                    9648                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu15.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  36                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::samples            24014                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.621429                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::stdev           1.217343                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::0                   5111     21.28%     21.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::1                   8726     36.34%     57.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::2                    320      1.33%     58.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::3                   9857     41.05%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::max_value              3                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::total              24014                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.branchRate                0.269378                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu15.fetch.rate                      1.113438                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu15.decode.IdleCycles                   1696                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu15.decode.BlockedCycles                4718                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu15.decode.RunCycles                   17187                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu15.decode.UnblockCycles                 255                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu15.decode.SquashCycles                  158                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu15.decode.BranchResolved                244                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu15.decode.BranchMispred                  27                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu15.decode.DecodedInsts                36192                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu15.decode.SquashedInsts                 512                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu15.rename.SquashCycles                  158                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu15.rename.IdleCycles                   2232                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu15.rename.BlockCycles                  1078                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu15.rename.serializeStallCycles         3400                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu15.rename.RunCycles                   16876                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu15.rename.UnblockCycles                 270                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu15.rename.RenamedInsts                35526                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu15.rename.SquashedInsts                 150                       # Number of squashed instructions processed by rename
system.cpu15.rename.ROBFullEvents                 192                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu15.rename.RenamedOperands             62405                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu15.rename.RenameLookups              172164                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu15.rename.int_rename_lookups          47568                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu15.rename.CommittedMaps               60506                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu15.rename.UndoneMaps                   1896                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu15.rename.serializingInsts               50                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu15.rename.tempSerializingInsts           50                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu15.rename.skidInsts                     669                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu15.memDep0.insertedLoads               4971                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu15.memDep0.insertedStores               955                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu15.memDep0.conflictingLoads             308                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu15.memDep0.conflictingStores            191                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu15.iq.iqInstsAdded                    35255                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               108                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu15.iq.iqInstsIssued                   34999                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              41                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          1425                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined         2741                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        24014                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.457441                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      1.081142                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              6629     27.60%     27.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              4132     17.21%     44.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              8956     37.29%     82.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              4233     17.63%     99.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                64      0.27%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         24014                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  4924     79.97%     79.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0      0.00%     79.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     79.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0      0.00%     79.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     79.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     79.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     79.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     79.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     79.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     79.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     79.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     79.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     79.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     79.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     79.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     79.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     79.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     79.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     79.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     79.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     79.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     79.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     79.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     79.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     79.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     79.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  490      7.96%     87.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 743     12.07%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               29116     83.19%     83.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.01%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               4986     14.25%     97.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               894      2.55%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::total                34999                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.rate                         1.065548                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu15.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      6157                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu15.iq.fu_busy_rate                 0.175919                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           100209                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           36790                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        34601                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu15.iq.int_alu_accesses                41156                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          275                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            2                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          204                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           35                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            2                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu15.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu15.iew.iewSquashCycles                  158                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu15.iew.iewBlockCycles                    64                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu15.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   2                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             35365                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                4971                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                955                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               50                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu15.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    2                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                   0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            2                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           36                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           88                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu15.iew.branchMispredicts                124                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu15.iew.iewExecutedInsts               34753                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                4918                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             245                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu15.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu15.iew.exec_nop                           2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu15.iew.exec_refs                       5773                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu15.iew.exec_branches                   8149                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu15.iew.exec_stores                      855                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu15.iew.exec_rate                   1.058059                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu15.iew.wb_sent                        34648                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu15.iew.wb_count                       34601                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu15.iew.wb_producers                   24306                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu15.iew.wb_consumers                   41621                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu15.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu15.iew.wb_rate                     1.053431                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu15.iew.wb_fanout                   0.583984                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu15.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu15.commit.commitSquashedInsts          1168                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            97                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu15.commit.branchMispredicts             118                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        23793                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.426386                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.792972                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0         7554     31.75%     31.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        11538     48.49%     80.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2          437      1.84%     82.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3          288      1.21%     83.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4           91      0.38%     83.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3331     14.00%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          332      1.40%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          125      0.53%     99.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8           97      0.41%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        23793                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committedInsts              32772                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.commit.committedOps                33938                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu15.commit.refs                         5447                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu15.commit.loads                        4696                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu15.commit.membars                        47                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu15.commit.branches                     8064                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu15.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu15.commit.int_insts                   26077                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu15.commit.function_calls                125                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          28489     83.94%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.01%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          4696     13.84%     97.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          751      2.21%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::total           33938                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.bw_lim_events                  97                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu15.rob.rob_reads                      58321                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu15.rob.rob_writes                     70447                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu15.timesIdled                            50                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu15.idleCycles                          8832                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu15.quiesceCycles                      81439                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu15.committedInsts                     32772                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu15.committedOps                       33938                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu15.cpi                             1.002258                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu15.cpi_total                       1.002258                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu15.ipc                             0.997747                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu15.ipc_total                       0.997747                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu15.int_regfile_reads                  46295                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu15.int_regfile_writes                 14575                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu15.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu15.cc_regfile_reads                  118725                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu15.cc_regfile_writes                  46763                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu15.misc_regfile_reads                  6883                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu15.misc_regfile_writes                   56                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           6.124885                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.total_refs              5528                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              25                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.avg_refs          221.120000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.data     6.124885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.005981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.005981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.024414                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           11294                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.data_accesses          11294                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.data         4809                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          4809                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu15.data          716                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          716                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu15.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::cpu15.data         5525                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total           5525                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::cpu15.data         5526                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total          5526                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.data           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu15.data           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu15.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu15.data           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu15.data            8                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            8                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::cpu15.data           73                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total           73                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::cpu15.data           74                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total           74                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu15.data      7212219                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7212219                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu15.data      5450750                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5450750                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu15.data       678487                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       678487                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu15.data        36000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        36000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu15.data       193500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       193500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu15.data     12662969                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     12662969                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu15.data     12662969                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     12662969                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.data         4863                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4863                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu15.data          735                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          735                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu15.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu15.data           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu15.data            8                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            8                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu15.data         5598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total         5598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu15.data         5600                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total         5600                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.011104                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011104                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.025850                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.025850                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.013040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.013214                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013214                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu15.data 133559.611111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 133559.611111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu15.data 286881.578947                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 286881.578947                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu15.data 52191.307692                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52191.307692                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu15.data         4500                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total         4500                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu15.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu15.data 173465.328767                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173465.328767                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu15.data 171121.202703                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171121.202703                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          305                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          305                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu15.data           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu15.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu15.data           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu15.data           39                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu15.data           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu15.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu15.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu15.data           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu15.data            8                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu15.data           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu15.data           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.data      3101007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3101007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.data      1743750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1743750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.data         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.data       633013                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       633013                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.data        27000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        27000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.data       178500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       178500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.data      4844757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4844757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.data      4854257                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4854257                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.005552                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005552                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.009524                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009524                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu15.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu15.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.006074                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006074                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.006250                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006250                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.data 114852.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114852.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.data 249107.142857                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 249107.142857                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.data         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.data 48693.307692                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48693.307692                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.data         3375                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         3375                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.data 142492.852941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 142492.852941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.data 138693.057143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 138693.057143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tags.tagsinuse          10.647973                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.tags.total_refs              9583                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.sampled_refs              52                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.avg_refs          184.288462                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst    10.647973                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.020797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.020797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.101562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.tag_accesses           19346                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.icache.tags.data_accesses          19346                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.inst         9583                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          9583                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::cpu15.inst         9583                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total           9583                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::cpu15.inst         9583                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total          9583                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.inst           64                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           64                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::cpu15.inst           64                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           64                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::cpu15.inst           64                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           64                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu15.inst      8263998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8263998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu15.inst      8263998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8263998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu15.inst      8263998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8263998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.inst         9647                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9647                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::cpu15.inst         9647                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total         9647                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::cpu15.inst         9647                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total         9647                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.006634                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006634                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.006634                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006634                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.006634                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006634                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu15.inst 129124.968750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129124.968750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu15.inst 129124.968750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 129124.968750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu15.inst 129124.968750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 129124.968750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2286                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              14                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   163.285714                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu15.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu15.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu15.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu15.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu15.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu15.inst           52                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.inst      7124998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7124998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.inst      7124998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7124998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.inst      7124998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7124998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.005390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.005390                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005390                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.005390                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005390                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.inst 137019.192308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137019.192308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.inst 137019.192308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137019.192308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.inst 137019.192308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137019.192308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu16.branchPred.lookups                  7639                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu16.branchPred.condPredicted            7101                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu16.branchPred.condIncorrect             140                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu16.branchPred.BTBLookups               3833                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu16.branchPred.BTBHits                  3742                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu16.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu16.branchPred.BTBHitPct           97.625881                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu16.branchPred.usedRAS                   218                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu16.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu16.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu16.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu16.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu16.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu16.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu16.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu16.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu16.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu16.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu16.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu16.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu16.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu16.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu16.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu16.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu16.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu16.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu16.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu16.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu16.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu16.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu16.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu16.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu16.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu16.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu16.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu16.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu16.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu16.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu16.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu16.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu16.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu16.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu16.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu16.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu16.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu16.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu16.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu16.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu16.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu16.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu16.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu16.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu16.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu16.numCycles                          32165                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu16.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu16.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu16.fetch.icacheStallCycles             1435                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu16.fetch.Insts                        31658                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu16.fetch.Branches                      7639                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu16.fetch.predictedBranches             3960                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu16.fetch.Cycles                       21371                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu16.fetch.SquashCycles                   347                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu16.fetch.MiscStallCycles                113                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu16.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          197                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu16.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           42                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu16.fetch.CacheLines                    8376                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu16.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  29                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu16.fetch.rateDist::samples            23331                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu16.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.449788                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu16.fetch.rateDist::stdev           1.255693                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu16.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu16.fetch.rateDist::0                   6934     29.72%     29.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu16.fetch.rateDist::1                   7541     32.32%     62.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu16.fetch.rateDist::2                    284      1.22%     63.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu16.fetch.rateDist::3                   8572     36.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu16.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu16.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu16.fetch.rateDist::max_value              3                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu16.fetch.rateDist::total              23331                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu16.fetch.branchRate                0.237494                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu16.fetch.rate                      0.984238                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu16.decode.IdleCycles                   1645                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu16.decode.BlockedCycles                6483                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu16.decode.RunCycles                   14823                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu16.decode.UnblockCycles                 233                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu16.decode.SquashCycles                  147                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu16.decode.BranchResolved                222                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu16.decode.BranchMispred                  27                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu16.decode.DecodedInsts                31230                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu16.decode.SquashedInsts                 471                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu16.rename.SquashCycles                  147                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu16.rename.IdleCycles                   2143                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu16.rename.BlockCycles                  1723                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu16.rename.serializeStallCycles         4550                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu16.rename.RunCycles                   14534                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu16.rename.UnblockCycles                 234                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu16.rename.RenamedInsts                30597                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu16.rename.SquashedInsts                 152                       # Number of squashed instructions processed by rename
system.cpu16.rename.ROBFullEvents                 161                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu16.rename.RenamedOperands             53590                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu16.rename.RenameLookups              148269                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu16.rename.int_rename_lookups          40949                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu16.rename.CommittedMaps               51849                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu16.rename.UndoneMaps                   1738                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu16.rename.serializingInsts               48                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu16.rename.tempSerializingInsts           48                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu16.rename.skidInsts                     585                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu16.memDep0.insertedLoads               4278                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu16.memDep0.insertedStores               838                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu16.memDep0.conflictingLoads             254                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu16.memDep0.conflictingStores            155                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu16.iq.iqInstsAdded                    30321                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu16.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               102                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu16.iq.iqInstsIssued                   30105                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu16.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              50                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu16.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          1331                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu16.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined         2408                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu16.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu16.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        23331                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu16.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.290343                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu16.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      1.117549                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu16.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu16.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              8354     35.81%     35.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu16.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              3602     15.44%     51.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu16.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              7680     32.92%     84.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu16.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              3637     15.59%     99.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu16.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                58      0.25%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu16.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu16.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu16.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu16.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu16.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu16.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu16.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu16.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         23331                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  4203     79.98%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  412      7.84%     87.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 640     12.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               25028     83.14%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.01%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               4291     14.25%     97.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               783      2.60%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::total                30105                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.rate                         0.935955                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu16.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      5255                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu16.iq.fu_busy_rate                 0.174556                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu16.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            88845                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu16.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           31755                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu16.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        29742                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu16.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu16.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu16.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu16.iq.int_alu_accesses                35360                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu16.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu16.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              1                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu16.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu16.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          254                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu16.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu16.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            1                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu16.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          191                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu16.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu16.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu16.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           30                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu16.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            2                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu16.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu16.iew.iewSquashCycles                  147                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu16.iew.iewBlockCycles                    69                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu16.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   2                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu16.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             30425                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu16.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu16.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                4278                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu16.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                838                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu16.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               48                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu16.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    2                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu16.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                   0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu16.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            1                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu16.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           32                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu16.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           88                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu16.iew.branchMispredicts                120                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu16.iew.iewExecutedInsts               29881                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu16.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                4238                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu16.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             223                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu16.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu16.iew.exec_nop                           2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu16.iew.exec_refs                       4983                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu16.iew.exec_branches                   6998                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu16.iew.exec_stores                      745                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu16.iew.exec_rate                   0.928991                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu16.iew.wb_sent                        29783                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu16.iew.wb_count                       29742                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu16.iew.wb_producers                   20861                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu16.iew.wb_consumers                   35681                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu16.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu16.iew.wb_rate                     0.924670                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu16.iew.wb_fanout                   0.584653                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu16.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu16.commit.commitSquashedInsts          1104                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu16.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            89                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu16.commit.branchMispredicts             114                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu16.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        23116                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu16.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.258522                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu16.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.740797                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu16.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu16.commit.committed_per_cycle::0         9154     39.60%     39.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu16.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         9932     42.97%     82.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu16.commit.committed_per_cycle::2          381      1.65%     84.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu16.commit.committed_per_cycle::3          243      1.05%     85.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu16.commit.committed_per_cycle::4           79      0.34%     85.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu16.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         2868     12.41%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu16.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          281      1.22%     99.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu16.commit.committed_per_cycle::7           97      0.42%     99.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu16.commit.committed_per_cycle::8           81      0.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu16.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu16.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu16.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu16.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        23116                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu16.commit.committedInsts              28100                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu16.commit.committedOps                29092                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu16.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu16.commit.refs                         4671                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu16.commit.loads                        4024                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu16.commit.membars                        41                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu16.commit.branches                     6913                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu16.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu16.commit.int_insts                   22352                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu16.commit.function_calls                107                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          24419     83.94%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.01%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          4024     13.83%     97.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          647      2.22%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::total           29092                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.bw_lim_events                  81                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu16.rob.rob_reads                      52828                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu16.rob.rob_writes                     60621                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu16.timesIdled                            49                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu16.idleCycles                          8834                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu16.quiesceCycles                      82120                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu16.committedInsts                     28100                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu16.committedOps                       29092                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu16.cpi                             1.144662                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu16.cpi_total                       1.144662                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu16.ipc                             0.873620                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu16.ipc_total                       0.873620                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu16.int_regfile_reads                  39771                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu16.int_regfile_writes                 12562                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu16.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu16.cc_regfile_reads                  102105                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu16.cc_regfile_writes                  40129                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu16.misc_regfile_reads                  6116                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu16.misc_regfile_writes                   73                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu16.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu16.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           5.977740                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu16.dcache.tags.total_refs              4742                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu16.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              25                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu16.dcache.tags.avg_refs          189.680000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu16.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu16.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu16.data     5.977740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu16.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu16.data     0.005838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu16.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.005838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu16.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu16.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu16.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu16.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.024414                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu16.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            9723                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.tags.data_accesses           9723                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu16.data         4131                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          4131                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu16.data          608                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          608                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu16.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu16.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu16.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_hits::cpu16.data         4739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_hits::total           4739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_hits::cpu16.data         4740                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_hits::total          4740                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu16.data           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu16.data           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu16.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu16.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu16.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu16.data           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu16.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_misses::cpu16.data           72                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_misses::total           72                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_misses::cpu16.data           73                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_misses::total           73                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu16.data      8093984                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8093984                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu16.data      6531250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6531250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu16.data      1459471                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1459471                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu16.data        38000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        38000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu16.data        85000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        85000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu16.data     14625234                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     14625234                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu16.data     14625234                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     14625234                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu16.data         4184                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4184                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu16.data          627                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          627                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu16.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu16.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu16.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu16.data           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu16.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu16.data         4811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_accesses::total         4811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu16.data         4813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_accesses::total         4813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu16.data     0.012667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.012667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu16.data     0.030303                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.030303                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu16.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu16.data            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu16.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu16.data     0.014966                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014966                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu16.data     0.015167                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015167                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu16.data 152716.679245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 152716.679245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu16.data       343750                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total       343750                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu16.data 81081.722222                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81081.722222                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu16.data         9500                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total         9500                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu16.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu16.data 203128.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 203128.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu16.data 200345.671233                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 200345.671233                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu16.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          381                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu16.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu16.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu16.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu16.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          381                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu16.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu16.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu16.data           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu16.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu16.data           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu16.data           38                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu16.data           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu16.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu16.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu16.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu16.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu16.data           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu16.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu16.data           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu16.data           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.data      3233004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3233004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.data      2079000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2079000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.data         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.data      1401029                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1401029                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.data        29000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        29000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.data        82000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        82000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.data      5312004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5312004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.data      5321504                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5321504                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu16.data     0.006453                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006453                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu16.data     0.011164                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011164                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu16.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu16.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu16.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu16.data     0.007067                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007067                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu16.data     0.007272                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007272                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.data 119740.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119740.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.data       297000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       297000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.data         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.data 77834.944444                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77834.944444                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.data         7250                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         7250                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.data 156235.411765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156235.411765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.data 152042.971429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 152042.971429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu16.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu16.icache.tags.tagsinuse          10.239450                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu16.icache.tags.total_refs              8317                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu16.icache.tags.sampled_refs              50                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu16.icache.tags.avg_refs          166.340000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu16.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu16.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu16.inst    10.239450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu16.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu16.inst     0.019999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu16.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.019999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu16.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu16.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu16.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu16.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.097656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu16.icache.tags.tag_accesses           16800                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu16.icache.tags.data_accesses          16800                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu16.inst         8317                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          8317                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu16.icache.demand_hits::cpu16.inst         8317                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu16.icache.demand_hits::total           8317                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu16.icache.overall_hits::cpu16.inst         8317                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu16.icache.overall_hits::total          8317                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu16.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu16.icache.demand_misses::cpu16.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu16.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu16.icache.overall_misses::cpu16.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu16.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu16.inst      7688500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7688500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu16.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu16.inst      7688500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu16.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7688500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu16.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu16.inst      7688500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu16.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7688500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu16.inst         8375                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         8375                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu16.icache.demand_accesses::cpu16.inst         8375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu16.icache.demand_accesses::total         8375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu16.icache.overall_accesses::cpu16.inst         8375                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu16.icache.overall_accesses::total         8375                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu16.inst     0.006925                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006925                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu16.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu16.inst     0.006925                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu16.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006925                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu16.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu16.inst     0.006925                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu16.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006925                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu16.inst 132560.344828                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132560.344828                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu16.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu16.inst 132560.344828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu16.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 132560.344828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu16.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu16.inst 132560.344828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu16.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 132560.344828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu16.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2247                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu16.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu16.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              12                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu16.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu16.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   187.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu16.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu16.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu16.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu16.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu16.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu16.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu16.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu16.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu16.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu16.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu16.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu16.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu16.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu16.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu16.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu16.inst           50                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu16.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           50                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.inst      6770750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6770750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.inst      6770750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6770750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.inst      6770750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6770750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu16.inst     0.005970                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005970                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu16.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu16.inst     0.005970                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu16.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005970                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu16.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu16.inst     0.005970                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu16.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005970                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.inst       135415                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       135415                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.inst       135415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       135415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.inst       135415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       135415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu17.branchPred.lookups                  6608                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu17.branchPred.condPredicted            6109                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu17.branchPred.condIncorrect             132                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu17.branchPred.BTBLookups               3320                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu17.branchPred.BTBHits                  3230                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu17.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu17.branchPred.BTBHitPct           97.289157                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu17.branchPred.usedRAS                   200                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu17.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu17.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu17.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu17.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu17.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu17.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu17.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu17.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu17.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu17.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu17.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu17.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu17.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu17.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu17.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu17.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu17.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu17.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu17.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu17.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu17.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu17.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu17.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu17.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu17.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu17.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu17.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu17.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu17.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu17.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu17.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu17.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu17.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu17.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu17.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu17.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu17.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu17.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu17.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu17.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu17.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu17.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu17.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu17.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu17.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu17.numCycles                          31399                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu17.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu17.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu17.fetch.icacheStallCycles             1424                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu17.fetch.Insts                        27460                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu17.fetch.Branches                      6608                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu17.fetch.predictedBranches             3430                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu17.fetch.Cycles                       20239                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu17.fetch.SquashCycles                   325                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu17.fetch.MiscStallCycles                105                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu17.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          356                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu17.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          102                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu17.fetch.CacheLines                    7290                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu17.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  27                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu17.fetch.rateDist::samples            22388                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu17.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.315080                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu17.fetch.rateDist::stdev           1.269040                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu17.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu17.fetch.rateDist::0                   8141     36.36%     36.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu17.fetch.rateDist::1                   6522     29.13%     65.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu17.fetch.rateDist::2                    255      1.14%     66.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu17.fetch.rateDist::3                   7470     33.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu17.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu17.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu17.fetch.rateDist::max_value              3                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu17.fetch.rateDist::total              22388                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu17.fetch.branchRate                0.210453                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu17.fetch.rate                      0.874550                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu17.decode.IdleCycles                   1591                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu17.decode.BlockedCycles                7649                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu17.decode.RunCycles                   12787                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu17.decode.UnblockCycles                 224                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu17.decode.SquashCycles                  137                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu17.decode.BranchResolved                206                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu17.decode.BranchMispred                  27                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu17.decode.DecodedInsts                27013                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu17.decode.SquashedInsts                 449                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu17.rename.SquashCycles                  137                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu17.rename.IdleCycles                   2061                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu17.rename.BlockCycles                  2060                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu17.rename.serializeStallCycles         5328                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu17.rename.RunCycles                   12522                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu17.rename.UnblockCycles                 280                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu17.rename.RenamedInsts                26427                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu17.rename.SquashedInsts                 140                       # Number of squashed instructions processed by rename
system.cpu17.rename.ROBFullEvents                 144                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu17.rename.SQFullEvents                   50                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu17.rename.RenamedOperands             46070                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu17.rename.RenameLookups              127933                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu17.rename.int_rename_lookups          35258                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu17.rename.CommittedMaps               44430                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu17.rename.UndoneMaps                   1629                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu17.rename.serializingInsts               58                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu17.rename.tempSerializingInsts           58                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu17.rename.skidInsts                     574                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu17.memDep0.insertedLoads               3727                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu17.memDep0.insertedStores               777                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu17.memDep0.conflictingLoads             225                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu17.memDep0.conflictingStores            135                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu17.iq.iqInstsAdded                    26170                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu17.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               108                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu17.iq.iqInstsIssued                   25970                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu17.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              28                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu17.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          1253                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu17.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined         2318                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu17.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu17.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        22388                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu17.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.159996                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu17.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      1.127010                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu17.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu17.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              9420     42.08%     42.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu17.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              3205     14.32%     56.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu17.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              6578     29.38%     85.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu17.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              3131     13.99%     99.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu17.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                54      0.24%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu17.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu17.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu17.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu17.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu17.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu17.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu17.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu17.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         22388                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  3569     78.68%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  381      8.40%     87.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 586     12.92%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               21499     82.78%     82.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.01%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               3738     14.39%     97.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               730      2.81%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::total                25970                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.rate                         0.827096                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu17.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      4536                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu17.iq.fu_busy_rate                 0.174663                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu17.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            78889                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu17.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           27532                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu17.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        25629                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu17.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu17.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu17.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu17.iq.int_alu_accesses                30506                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu17.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu17.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu17.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu17.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          249                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu17.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu17.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            1                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu17.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          177                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu17.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu17.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu17.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           26                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu17.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            2                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu17.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu17.iew.iewSquashCycles                  137                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu17.iew.iewBlockCycles                    58                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu17.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   2                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu17.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             26281                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu17.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu17.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                3727                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu17.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                777                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu17.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               58                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu17.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    2                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu17.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                   0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu17.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            1                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu17.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           29                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu17.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           82                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu17.iew.branchMispredicts                111                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu17.iew.iewExecutedInsts               25759                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu17.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                3678                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu17.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             208                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu17.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu17.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu17.iew.exec_refs                       4375                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu17.iew.exec_branches                   6005                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu17.iew.exec_stores                      697                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu17.iew.exec_rate                   0.820376                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu17.iew.wb_sent                        25666                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu17.iew.wb_count                       25629                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu17.iew.wb_producers                   17868                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu17.iew.wb_consumers                   30515                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu17.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu17.iew.wb_rate                     0.816236                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu17.iew.wb_fanout                   0.585548                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu17.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu17.commit.commitSquashedInsts          1022                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu17.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            94                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu17.commit.branchMispredicts             107                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu17.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        22194                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu17.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.127557                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu17.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.691445                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu17.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu17.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        10160     45.78%     45.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu17.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         8566     38.60%     84.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu17.commit.committed_per_cycle::2          344      1.55%     85.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu17.commit.committed_per_cycle::3          210      0.95%     86.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu17.commit.committed_per_cycle::4           65      0.29%     87.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu17.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         2450     11.04%     98.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu17.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          234      1.05%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu17.commit.committed_per_cycle::7           93      0.42%     99.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu17.commit.committed_per_cycle::8           72      0.32%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu17.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu17.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu17.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu17.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        22194                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu17.commit.committedInsts              24129                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu17.commit.committedOps                25025                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu17.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu17.commit.refs                         4078                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu17.commit.loads                        3478                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu17.commit.membars                        37                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu17.commit.branches                     5927                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu17.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu17.commit.int_insts                   19255                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu17.commit.function_calls                 97                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          20945     83.70%     83.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.01%     83.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     83.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     83.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     83.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     83.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     83.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     83.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     83.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     83.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          3478     13.90%     97.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          600      2.40%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::total           25025                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.bw_lim_events                  72                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu17.rob.rob_reads                      47805                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu17.rob.rob_writes                     52306                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu17.timesIdled                            48                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu17.idleCycles                          9011                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu17.quiesceCycles                      82886                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu17.committedInsts                     24129                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu17.committedOps                       25025                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu17.cpi                             1.301297                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu17.cpi_total                       1.301297                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu17.ipc                             0.768464                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu17.ipc_total                       0.768464                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu17.int_regfile_reads                  34195                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu17.int_regfile_writes                 10912                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu17.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu17.cc_regfile_reads                   88110                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu17.cc_regfile_writes                  34266                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu17.misc_regfile_reads                  5498                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu17.misc_regfile_writes                  126                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu17.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu17.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           5.802186                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu17.dcache.tags.total_refs              4120                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu17.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              25                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu17.dcache.tags.avg_refs          164.800000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu17.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu17.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu17.data     5.802186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu17.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu17.data     0.005666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu17.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.005666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu17.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu17.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu17.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu17.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.024414                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu17.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            8517                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.tags.data_accesses           8517                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu17.data         3570                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          3570                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu17.data          547                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          547                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu17.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu17.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu17.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_hits::cpu17.data         4117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_hits::total           4117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_hits::cpu17.data         4118                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_hits::total          4118                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu17.data           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu17.data           21                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           21                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu17.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu17.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu17.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu17.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu17.data           30                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu17.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           30                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu17.data            8                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            8                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_misses::cpu17.data           67                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_misses::total           67                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_misses::cpu17.data           68                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_misses::total           68                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu17.data      8256239                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8256239                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu17.data      7225250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7225250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu17.data      1301893                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1301893                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu17.data        36000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        36000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu17.data       474000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       474000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu17.data     15481489                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     15481489                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu17.data     15481489                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     15481489                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu17.data         3616                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3616                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu17.data          568                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          568                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu17.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu17.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu17.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu17.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu17.data           30                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu17.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           30                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu17.data            8                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            8                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu17.data         4184                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_accesses::total         4184                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu17.data         4186                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_accesses::total         4186                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu17.data     0.012721                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.012721                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu17.data     0.036972                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.036972                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu17.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu17.data            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu17.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu17.data     0.016013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu17.data     0.016245                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016245                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu17.data 179483.456522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179483.456522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu17.data 344059.523810                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 344059.523810                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu17.data 43396.433333                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43396.433333                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu17.data         4500                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total         4500                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu17.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu17.data       231067                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       231067                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu17.data 227668.955882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 227668.955882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu17.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          194                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu17.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu17.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu17.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu17.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          194                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu17.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu17.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu17.data           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu17.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu17.data           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu17.data           33                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu17.data           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu17.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu17.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu17.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu17.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu17.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu17.data           30                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu17.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu17.data            8                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu17.data           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu17.data           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.data      3328003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3328003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.data      2352500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2352500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.data         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.data      1189107                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1189107                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.data        27000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        27000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.data       459000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       459000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.data      5680503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5680503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.data      5690003                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5690003                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu17.data     0.007467                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007467                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu17.data     0.012324                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012324                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu17.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu17.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu17.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu17.data     0.008126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu17.data     0.008361                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008361                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.data 123259.370370                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 123259.370370                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.data 336071.428571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336071.428571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.data         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.data 39636.900000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39636.900000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.data         3375                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         3375                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.data 167073.617647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167073.617647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.data 162571.514286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162571.514286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu17.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu17.icache.tags.tagsinuse           9.778620                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu17.icache.tags.total_refs              7233                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu17.icache.tags.sampled_refs              48                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu17.icache.tags.avg_refs          150.687500                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu17.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu17.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu17.inst     9.778620                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu17.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu17.inst     0.019099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu17.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.019099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu17.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu17.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu17.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu17.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.093750                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu17.icache.tags.tag_accesses           14626                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu17.icache.tags.data_accesses          14626                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu17.inst         7233                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          7233                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu17.icache.demand_hits::cpu17.inst         7233                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu17.icache.demand_hits::total           7233                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu17.icache.overall_hits::cpu17.inst         7233                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu17.icache.overall_hits::total          7233                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu17.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu17.icache.demand_misses::cpu17.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu17.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu17.icache.overall_misses::cpu17.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu17.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu17.inst      7876499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7876499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu17.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu17.inst      7876499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu17.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7876499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu17.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu17.inst      7876499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu17.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7876499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu17.inst         7289                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7289                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu17.icache.demand_accesses::cpu17.inst         7289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu17.icache.demand_accesses::total         7289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu17.icache.overall_accesses::cpu17.inst         7289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu17.icache.overall_accesses::total         7289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu17.inst     0.007683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu17.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu17.inst     0.007683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu17.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu17.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu17.inst     0.007683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu17.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu17.inst 140651.767857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 140651.767857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu17.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu17.inst 140651.767857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu17.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 140651.767857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu17.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu17.inst 140651.767857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu17.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 140651.767857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu17.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2551                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu17.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu17.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              13                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu17.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu17.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   196.230769                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu17.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu17.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu17.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu17.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu17.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu17.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu17.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu17.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu17.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu17.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu17.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu17.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu17.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu17.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu17.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu17.inst           48                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu17.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           48                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.inst      6927999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6927999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.inst      6927999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6927999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.inst      6927999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6927999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu17.inst     0.006585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu17.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu17.inst     0.006585                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu17.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006585                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu17.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu17.inst     0.006585                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu17.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006585                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.inst 144333.312500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 144333.312500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.inst 144333.312500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 144333.312500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.inst 144333.312500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 144333.312500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu18.branchPred.lookups                  7570                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu18.branchPred.condPredicted            7022                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu18.branchPred.condIncorrect             145                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu18.branchPred.BTBLookups               3785                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu18.branchPred.BTBHits                  3690                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu18.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu18.branchPred.BTBHitPct           97.490092                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu18.branchPred.usedRAS                   223                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu18.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu18.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu18.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu18.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu18.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu18.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu18.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu18.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu18.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu18.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu18.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu18.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu18.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu18.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu18.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu18.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu18.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu18.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu18.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu18.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu18.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu18.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu18.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu18.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu18.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu18.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu18.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu18.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu18.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu18.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu18.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu18.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu18.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu18.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu18.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu18.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu18.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu18.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu18.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu18.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu18.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu18.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu18.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu18.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu18.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu18.numCycles                          30844                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu18.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu18.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu18.fetch.icacheStallCycles             1994                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu18.fetch.Insts                        31451                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu18.fetch.Branches                      7570                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu18.fetch.predictedBranches             3913                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu18.fetch.Cycles                       19757                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu18.fetch.SquashCycles                   357                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu18.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 23                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu18.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          424                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu18.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           58                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu18.fetch.CacheLines                    8342                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu18.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  33                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu18.fetch.rateDist::samples            22434                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu18.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.500535                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu18.fetch.rateDist::stdev           1.247232                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu18.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu18.fetch.rateDist::0                   6122     27.29%     27.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu18.fetch.rateDist::1                   7483     33.36%     60.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu18.fetch.rateDist::2                    307      1.37%     62.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu18.fetch.rateDist::3                   8522     37.99%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu18.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu18.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu18.fetch.rateDist::max_value              3                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu18.fetch.rateDist::total              22434                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu18.fetch.branchRate                0.245429                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu18.fetch.rate                      1.019680                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu18.decode.IdleCycles                   1541                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu18.decode.BlockedCycles                5808                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu18.decode.RunCycles                   14700                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu18.decode.UnblockCycles                 234                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu18.decode.SquashCycles                  151                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu18.decode.BranchResolved                224                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu18.decode.BranchMispred                  27                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu18.decode.DecodedInsts                30955                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu18.decode.SquashedInsts                 492                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu18.rename.SquashCycles                  151                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu18.rename.IdleCycles                   2050                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu18.rename.BlockCycles                   452                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu18.rename.serializeStallCycles         5097                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu18.rename.RunCycles                   14401                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu18.rename.UnblockCycles                 283                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu18.rename.RenamedInsts                30324                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu18.rename.SquashedInsts                 148                       # Number of squashed instructions processed by rename
system.cpu18.rename.ROBFullEvents                 153                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu18.rename.SQFullEvents                   48                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu18.rename.RenamedOperands             53002                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu18.rename.RenameLookups              146948                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu18.rename.int_rename_lookups          40563                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu18.rename.CommittedMaps               51210                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu18.rename.UndoneMaps                   1791                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu18.rename.serializingInsts               50                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu18.rename.tempSerializingInsts           50                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu18.rename.skidInsts                     592                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu18.memDep0.insertedLoads               4243                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu18.memDep0.insertedStores               855                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu18.memDep0.conflictingLoads             252                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu18.memDep0.conflictingStores            161                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu18.iq.iqInstsAdded                    30026                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu18.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               108                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu18.iq.iqInstsIssued                   29798                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu18.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              54                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu18.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          1378                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu18.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined         2509                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu18.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu18.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        22434                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu18.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.328252                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu18.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      1.111065                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu18.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu18.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              7598     33.87%     33.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu18.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              3590     16.00%     49.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu18.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              7589     33.83%     83.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu18.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              3598     16.04%     99.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu18.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                59      0.26%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu18.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu18.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu18.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu18.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu18.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu18.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu18.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu18.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         22434                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  4141     79.74%     79.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0      0.00%     79.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     79.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0      0.00%     79.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     79.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     79.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     79.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     79.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     79.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     79.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     79.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     79.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     79.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     79.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     79.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     79.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     79.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     79.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     79.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     79.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     79.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     79.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     79.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     79.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     79.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     79.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  408      7.86%     87.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 644     12.40%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               24748     83.05%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.01%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               4254     14.28%     97.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               793      2.66%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::total                29798                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.rate                         0.966087                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu18.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      5193                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu18.iq.fu_busy_rate                 0.174273                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu18.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            87274                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu18.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           31513                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu18.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        29427                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu18.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu18.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu18.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu18.iq.int_alu_accesses                34991                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu18.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu18.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu18.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu18.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          262                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu18.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu18.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            1                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu18.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          206                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu18.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu18.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu18.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           31                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu18.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            2                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu18.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu18.iew.iewSquashCycles                  151                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu18.iew.iewBlockCycles                    72                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu18.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   2                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu18.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             30137                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu18.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu18.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                4243                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu18.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                855                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu18.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               50                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu18.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    2                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu18.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                   0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu18.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            1                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu18.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           30                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu18.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           94                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu18.iew.branchMispredicts                124                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu18.iew.iewExecutedInsts               29567                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu18.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                4199                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu18.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             228                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu18.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu18.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu18.iew.exec_refs                       4952                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu18.iew.exec_branches                   6915                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu18.iew.exec_stores                      753                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu18.iew.exec_rate                   0.958598                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu18.iew.wb_sent                        29468                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu18.iew.wb_count                       29427                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu18.iew.wb_producers                   20605                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu18.iew.wb_consumers                   35208                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu18.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu18.iew.wb_rate                     0.954059                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu18.iew.wb_fanout                   0.585236                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu18.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu18.commit.commitSquashedInsts          1156                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu18.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            91                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu18.commit.branchMispredicts             118                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu18.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        22212                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu18.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.294616                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu18.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.753095                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu18.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu18.commit.committed_per_cycle::0         8413     37.88%     37.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu18.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         9814     44.18%     82.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu18.commit.committed_per_cycle::2          384      1.73%     83.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu18.commit.committed_per_cycle::3          235      1.06%     84.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu18.commit.committed_per_cycle::4           83      0.37%     85.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu18.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         2822     12.70%     97.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu18.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          279      1.26%     99.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu18.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          103      0.46%     99.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu18.commit.committed_per_cycle::8           79      0.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu18.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu18.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu18.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu18.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        22212                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu18.commit.committedInsts              27764                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu18.commit.committedOps                28756                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu18.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu18.commit.refs                         4630                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu18.commit.loads                        3981                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu18.commit.membars                        41                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu18.commit.branches                     6829                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu18.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu18.commit.int_insts                   22100                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu18.commit.function_calls                107                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          24124     83.89%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.01%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          3981     13.84%     97.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          649      2.26%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::total           28756                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.bw_lim_events                  79                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu18.rob.rob_reads                      51642                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu18.rob.rob_writes                     60058                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu18.timesIdled                            49                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu18.idleCycles                          8410                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu18.quiesceCycles                      83441                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu18.committedInsts                     27764                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu18.committedOps                       28756                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu18.cpi                             1.110935                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu18.cpi_total                       1.110935                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu18.ipc                             0.900143                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu18.ipc_total                       0.900143                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu18.int_regfile_reads                  39324                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu18.int_regfile_writes                 12449                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu18.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu18.cc_regfile_reads                  101049                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu18.cc_regfile_writes                  39621                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu18.misc_regfile_reads                  6032                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu18.misc_regfile_writes                   82                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu18.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu18.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           5.804265                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu18.dcache.tags.total_refs              4703                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu18.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              25                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu18.dcache.tags.avg_refs          188.120000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu18.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu18.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu18.data     5.804265                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu18.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu18.data     0.005668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu18.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.005668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu18.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu18.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu18.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu18.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.024414                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu18.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            9672                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.tags.data_accesses           9672                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu18.data         4094                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          4094                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu18.data          606                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          606                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu18.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu18.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu18.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu18.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_hits::cpu18.data         4700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_hits::total           4700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_hits::cpu18.data         4701                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_hits::total          4701                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu18.data           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu18.data           21                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           21                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu18.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu18.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu18.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu18.data           17                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           17                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu18.data           14                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           14                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_misses::cpu18.data           70                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_misses::total           70                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_misses::cpu18.data           71                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_misses::total           71                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu18.data      5282733                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5282733                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu18.data      4891000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4891000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu18.data       850447                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       850447                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu18.data        64000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        64000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu18.data       670500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       670500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu18.data     10173733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     10173733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu18.data     10173733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     10173733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu18.data         4143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu18.data          627                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          627                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu18.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu18.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu18.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu18.data           19                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           19                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu18.data           14                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           14                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu18.data         4770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_accesses::total         4770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu18.data         4772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_accesses::total         4772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu18.data     0.011827                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011827                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu18.data     0.033493                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.033493                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu18.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu18.data     0.894737                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.894737                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu18.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu18.data     0.014675                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014675                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu18.data     0.014878                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014878                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu18.data 107810.877551                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107810.877551                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu18.data 232904.761905                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 232904.761905                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu18.data 50026.294118                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50026.294118                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu18.data  4571.428571                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4571.428571                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu18.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu18.data 145339.042857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 145339.042857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu18.data 143292.014085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 143292.014085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu18.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          317                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu18.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu18.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu18.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu18.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          317                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu18.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu18.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu18.data           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu18.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu18.data           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu18.data           36                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu18.data           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu18.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu18.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu18.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu18.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu18.data           17                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu18.data           14                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu18.data           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu18.data           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.data      2173504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2173504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.data      1505250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1505250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.data         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.data       789053                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       789053                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.data        55000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        55000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.data       636000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       636000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.data      3678754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3678754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.data      3688254                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3688254                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu18.data     0.006517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu18.data     0.011164                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011164                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu18.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu18.data     0.894737                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.894737                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu18.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu18.data     0.007128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu18.data     0.007334                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007334                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.data 80500.148148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80500.148148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.data 215035.714286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 215035.714286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.data         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.data 46414.882353                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46414.882353                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.data  3928.571429                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3928.571429                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.data 108198.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108198.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.data 105378.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105378.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu18.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu18.icache.tags.tagsinuse          10.233719                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu18.icache.tags.total_refs              8278                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu18.icache.tags.sampled_refs              53                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu18.icache.tags.avg_refs          156.188679                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu18.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu18.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu18.inst    10.233719                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu18.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu18.inst     0.019988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu18.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.019988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu18.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu18.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu18.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu18.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.103516                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu18.icache.tags.tag_accesses           16735                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu18.icache.tags.data_accesses          16735                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu18.inst         8278                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          8278                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu18.icache.demand_hits::cpu18.inst         8278                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu18.icache.demand_hits::total           8278                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu18.icache.overall_hits::cpu18.inst         8278                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu18.icache.overall_hits::total          8278                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu18.inst           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu18.icache.demand_misses::cpu18.inst           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu18.icache.demand_misses::total           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu18.icache.overall_misses::cpu18.inst           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu18.icache.overall_misses::total           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu18.inst      8353249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8353249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu18.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu18.inst      8353249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu18.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8353249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu18.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu18.inst      8353249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu18.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8353249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu18.inst         8341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         8341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu18.icache.demand_accesses::cpu18.inst         8341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu18.icache.demand_accesses::total         8341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu18.icache.overall_accesses::cpu18.inst         8341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu18.icache.overall_accesses::total         8341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu18.inst     0.007553                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007553                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu18.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu18.inst     0.007553                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu18.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007553                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu18.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu18.inst     0.007553                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu18.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007553                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu18.inst 132591.253968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132591.253968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu18.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu18.inst 132591.253968                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu18.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 132591.253968                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu18.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu18.inst 132591.253968                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu18.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 132591.253968                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu18.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2601                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu18.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu18.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              13                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu18.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu18.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   200.076923                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu18.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu18.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu18.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu18.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu18.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu18.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu18.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu18.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu18.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu18.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu18.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu18.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu18.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu18.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu18.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu18.inst           53                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu18.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.inst      7176749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7176749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.inst      7176749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7176749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.inst      7176749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7176749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu18.inst     0.006354                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006354                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu18.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu18.inst     0.006354                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu18.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006354                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu18.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu18.inst     0.006354                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu18.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006354                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.inst 135410.358491                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 135410.358491                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.inst 135410.358491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 135410.358491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.inst 135410.358491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 135410.358491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu19.branchPred.lookups                  6239                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu19.branchPred.condPredicted            5747                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu19.branchPred.condIncorrect             134                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu19.branchPred.BTBLookups               3131                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu19.branchPred.BTBHits                  3040                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu19.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu19.branchPred.BTBHitPct           97.093580                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu19.branchPred.usedRAS                   194                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu19.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu19.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu19.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu19.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu19.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu19.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu19.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu19.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu19.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu19.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu19.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu19.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu19.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu19.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu19.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu19.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu19.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu19.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu19.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu19.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu19.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu19.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu19.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu19.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu19.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu19.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu19.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu19.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu19.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu19.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu19.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu19.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu19.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu19.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu19.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu19.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu19.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu19.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu19.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu19.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu19.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu19.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu19.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu19.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu19.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu19.numCycles                          30396                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu19.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu19.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu19.fetch.icacheStallCycles             1430                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu19.fetch.Insts                        25971                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu19.fetch.Branches                      6239                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu19.fetch.predictedBranches             3234                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu19.fetch.Cycles                       19345                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu19.fetch.SquashCycles                   325                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu19.fetch.MiscStallCycles                150                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu19.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          215                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu19.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           41                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu19.fetch.CacheLines                    6920                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu19.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  29                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu19.fetch.rateDist::samples            21343                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu19.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.308532                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu19.fetch.rateDist::stdev           1.269609                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu19.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu19.fetch.rateDist::0                   7840     36.73%     36.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu19.fetch.rateDist::1                   6162     28.87%     65.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu19.fetch.rateDist::2                    257      1.20%     66.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu19.fetch.rateDist::3                   7084     33.19%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu19.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu19.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu19.fetch.rateDist::max_value              3                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu19.fetch.rateDist::total              21343                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu19.fetch.branchRate                0.205257                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu19.fetch.rate                      0.854422                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu19.decode.IdleCycles                   1596                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu19.decode.BlockedCycles                7271                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu19.decode.RunCycles                   12130                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu19.decode.UnblockCycles                 210                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu19.decode.SquashCycles                  136                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu19.decode.BranchResolved                203                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu19.decode.BranchMispred                  27                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu19.decode.DecodedInsts                25594                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu19.decode.SquashedInsts                 446                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu19.rename.SquashCycles                  136                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu19.rename.IdleCycles                   2054                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu19.rename.BlockCycles                  1899                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu19.rename.serializeStallCycles         5152                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu19.rename.RunCycles                   11866                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu19.rename.UnblockCycles                 236                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu19.rename.RenamedInsts                25019                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu19.rename.SquashedInsts                 142                       # Number of squashed instructions processed by rename
system.cpu19.rename.ROBFullEvents                 126                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu19.rename.SQFullEvents                   27                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu19.rename.RenamedOperands             43451                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu19.rename.RenameLookups              121123                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu19.rename.int_rename_lookups          33369                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu19.rename.CommittedMaps               41856                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu19.rename.UndoneMaps                   1593                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu19.rename.serializingInsts               59                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu19.rename.tempSerializingInsts           59                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu19.rename.skidInsts                     535                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu19.memDep0.insertedLoads               3530                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu19.memDep0.insertedStores               769                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu19.memDep0.conflictingLoads             206                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu19.memDep0.conflictingStores            130                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu19.iq.iqInstsAdded                    24752                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu19.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               107                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu19.iq.iqInstsIssued                   24548                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu19.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              42                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu19.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          1261                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu19.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined         2340                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu19.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu19.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        21343                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu19.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.150166                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu19.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      1.127429                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu19.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu19.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              9079     42.54%     42.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu19.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              3051     14.30%     56.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu19.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              6194     29.02%     85.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu19.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              2967     13.90%     99.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu19.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                52      0.24%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu19.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu19.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu19.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu19.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu19.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu19.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu19.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu19.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         21343                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  3343     78.33%     78.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0      0.00%     78.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     78.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0      0.00%     78.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     78.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     78.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     78.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     78.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     78.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     78.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     78.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     78.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     78.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     78.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     78.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     78.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     78.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     78.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     78.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     78.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     78.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     78.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     78.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     78.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     78.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     78.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     78.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     78.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  354      8.29%     86.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 571     13.38%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               20293     82.67%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.01%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               3534     14.40%     97.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               718      2.92%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::total                24548                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.rate                         0.807606                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu19.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      4268                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu19.iq.fu_busy_rate                 0.173863                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu19.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            74749                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu19.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           26121                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu19.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        24208                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu19.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu19.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu19.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu19.iq.int_alu_accesses                28816                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu19.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu19.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu19.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu19.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          253                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu19.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu19.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            1                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu19.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          190                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu19.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu19.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu19.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           25                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu19.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            2                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu19.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu19.iew.iewSquashCycles                  136                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu19.iew.iewBlockCycles                    67                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu19.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   2                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu19.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             24861                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu19.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu19.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                3530                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu19.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                769                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu19.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               59                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu19.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    2                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu19.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                   0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu19.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            1                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu19.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           28                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu19.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           85                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu19.iew.branchMispredicts                113                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu19.iew.iewExecutedInsts               24338                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu19.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                3481                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu19.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             210                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu19.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu19.iew.exec_nop                           2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu19.iew.exec_refs                       4163                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu19.iew.exec_branches                   5662                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu19.iew.exec_stores                      682                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu19.iew.exec_rate                   0.800697                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu19.iew.wb_sent                        24244                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu19.iew.wb_count                       24208                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu19.iew.wb_producers                   16833                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu19.iew.wb_consumers                   28706                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu19.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu19.iew.wb_rate                     0.796421                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu19.iew.wb_fanout                   0.586393                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu19.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu19.commit.commitSquashedInsts          1058                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu19.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            92                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu19.commit.branchMispredicts             108                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu19.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        21141                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu19.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.116220                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu19.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.681912                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu19.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu19.commit.committed_per_cycle::0         9755     46.14%     46.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu19.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         8118     38.40%     84.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu19.commit.committed_per_cycle::2          329      1.56%     86.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu19.commit.committed_per_cycle::3          193      0.91%     87.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu19.commit.committed_per_cycle::4           65      0.31%     87.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu19.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         2314     10.95%     98.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu19.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          219      1.04%     99.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu19.commit.committed_per_cycle::7           85      0.40%     99.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu19.commit.committed_per_cycle::8           63      0.30%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu19.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu19.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu19.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu19.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        21141                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu19.commit.committedInsts              22744                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu19.commit.committedOps                23598                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu19.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu19.commit.refs                         3856                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu19.commit.loads                        3277                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu19.commit.membars                        35                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu19.commit.branches                     5585                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu19.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu19.commit.int_insts                   18163                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu19.commit.function_calls                 93                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          19740     83.65%     83.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.01%     83.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     83.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     83.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     83.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     83.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     83.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     83.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     83.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     83.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          3277     13.89%     97.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          579      2.45%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::total           23598                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.bw_lim_events                  63                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu19.rob.rob_reads                      45396                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu19.rob.rob_writes                     49517                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu19.timesIdled                            49                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu19.idleCycles                          9053                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu19.quiesceCycles                      83889                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu19.committedInsts                     22744                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu19.committedOps                       23598                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu19.cpi                             1.336440                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu19.cpi_total                       1.336440                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu19.ipc                             0.748256                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu19.ipc_total                       0.748256                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu19.int_regfile_reads                  32280                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu19.int_regfile_writes                 10337                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu19.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu19.cc_regfile_reads                   83259                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu19.cc_regfile_writes                  32263                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu19.misc_regfile_reads                  5287                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu19.misc_regfile_writes                  136                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu19.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu19.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           5.395226                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu19.dcache.tags.total_refs              3902                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu19.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              24                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu19.dcache.tags.avg_refs          162.583333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu19.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu19.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu19.data     5.395226                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu19.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu19.data     0.005269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu19.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.005269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu19.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu19.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu19.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu19.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.023438                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu19.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            8079                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.tags.data_accesses           8079                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu19.data         3375                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          3375                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu19.data          524                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          524                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu19.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu19.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu19.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu19.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_hits::cpu19.data         3899                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_hits::total           3899                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_hits::cpu19.data         3900                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_hits::total          3900                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu19.data           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu19.data           21                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           21                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu19.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu19.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu19.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu19.data           31                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           31                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu19.data            8                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            8                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_misses::cpu19.data           64                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_misses::total           64                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_misses::cpu19.data           65                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_misses::total           65                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu19.data      8134999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8134999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu19.data      6833000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6833000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu19.data      1379408                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1379408                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu19.data        36000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        36000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu19.data       409500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       409500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu19.data     14967999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     14967999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu19.data     14967999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     14967999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu19.data         3418                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3418                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu19.data          545                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          545                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu19.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu19.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu19.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu19.data           32                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           32                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu19.data            8                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            8                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu19.data         3963                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_accesses::total         3963                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu19.data         3965                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_accesses::total         3965                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu19.data     0.012580                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.012580                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu19.data     0.038532                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.038532                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu19.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu19.data     0.968750                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.968750                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu19.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu19.data     0.016149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu19.data     0.016393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu19.data 189186.023256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 189186.023256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu19.data 325380.952381                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 325380.952381                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu19.data 44497.032258                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44497.032258                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu19.data         4500                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total         4500                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu19.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu19.data 233874.984375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 233874.984375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu19.data 230276.907692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 230276.907692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu19.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          237                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu19.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu19.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu19.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu19.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          237                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu19.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu19.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu19.data           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu19.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu19.data           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu19.data           31                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu19.data           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu19.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu19.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu19.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu19.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu19.data           31                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu19.data            8                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu19.data           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu19.data           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.data      3249251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3249251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.data      2208500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2208500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.data         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.data      1262092                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1262092                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.data        27000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        27000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.data       394500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       394500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.data      5457751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5457751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.data      5467251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5467251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu19.data     0.007607                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007607                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu19.data     0.012844                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012844                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu19.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu19.data     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu19.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu19.data     0.008327                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008327                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu19.data     0.008575                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008575                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.data 124971.192308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 124971.192308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.data       315500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       315500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.data         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.data 40712.645161                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40712.645161                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.data         3375                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         3375                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.data 165386.393939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165386.393939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.data 160801.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160801.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu19.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu19.icache.tags.tagsinuse           9.665862                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu19.icache.tags.total_refs              6861                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu19.icache.tags.sampled_refs              50                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu19.icache.tags.avg_refs          137.220000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu19.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu19.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu19.inst     9.665862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu19.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu19.inst     0.018879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu19.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.018879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu19.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu19.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu19.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu19.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.097656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu19.icache.tags.tag_accesses           13888                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu19.icache.tags.data_accesses          13888                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu19.inst         6861                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          6861                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu19.icache.demand_hits::cpu19.inst         6861                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu19.icache.demand_hits::total           6861                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu19.icache.overall_hits::cpu19.inst         6861                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu19.icache.overall_hits::total          6861                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu19.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu19.icache.demand_misses::cpu19.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu19.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu19.icache.overall_misses::cpu19.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu19.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu19.inst      8244250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8244250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu19.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu19.inst      8244250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu19.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8244250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu19.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu19.inst      8244250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu19.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8244250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu19.inst         6919                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6919                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu19.icache.demand_accesses::cpu19.inst         6919                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu19.icache.demand_accesses::total         6919                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu19.icache.overall_accesses::cpu19.inst         6919                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu19.icache.overall_accesses::total         6919                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu19.inst     0.008383                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008383                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu19.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu19.inst     0.008383                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu19.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008383                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu19.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu19.inst     0.008383                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu19.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008383                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu19.inst 142142.241379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 142142.241379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu19.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu19.inst 142142.241379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu19.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 142142.241379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu19.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu19.inst 142142.241379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu19.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 142142.241379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu19.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2407                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu19.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu19.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              11                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu19.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu19.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   218.818182                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu19.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu19.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu19.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu19.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu19.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu19.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu19.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu19.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu19.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu19.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu19.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu19.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu19.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu19.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu19.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu19.inst           50                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu19.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           50                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.inst      7130500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7130500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.inst      7130500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7130500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.inst      7130500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7130500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu19.inst     0.007226                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007226                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu19.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu19.inst     0.007226                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu19.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007226                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu19.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu19.inst     0.007226                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu19.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007226                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.inst       142610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       142610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.inst       142610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       142610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.inst       142610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       142610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu20.branchPred.lookups                  7121                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu20.branchPred.condPredicted            6585                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu20.branchPred.condIncorrect             144                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu20.branchPred.BTBLookups               3556                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu20.branchPred.BTBHits                  3461                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu20.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu20.branchPred.BTBHitPct           97.328459                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu20.branchPred.usedRAS                   218                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu20.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu20.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu20.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu20.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu20.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu20.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu20.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu20.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu20.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu20.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu20.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu20.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu20.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu20.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu20.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu20.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu20.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu20.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu20.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu20.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu20.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu20.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu20.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu20.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu20.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu20.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu20.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu20.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu20.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu20.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu20.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu20.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu20.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu20.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu20.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu20.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu20.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu20.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu20.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu20.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu20.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu20.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu20.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu20.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu20.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu20.numCycles                          29513                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu20.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu20.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu20.fetch.icacheStallCycles             1717                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu20.fetch.Insts                        29618                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu20.fetch.Branches                      7121                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu20.fetch.predictedBranches             3679                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu20.fetch.Cycles                       18577                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu20.fetch.SquashCycles                   353                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu20.fetch.MiscStallCycles                106                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu20.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          228                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu20.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           73                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu20.fetch.CacheLines                    7870                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu20.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  35                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu20.fetch.rateDist::samples            20877                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu20.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.522297                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu20.fetch.rateDist::stdev           1.243894                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu20.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu20.fetch.rateDist::0                   5496     26.33%     26.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu20.fetch.rateDist::1                   7031     33.68%     60.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu20.fetch.rateDist::2                    300      1.44%     61.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu20.fetch.rateDist::3                   8050     38.56%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu20.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu20.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu20.fetch.rateDist::max_value              3                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu20.fetch.rateDist::total              20877                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu20.fetch.branchRate                0.241284                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu20.fetch.rate                      1.003558                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu20.decode.IdleCycles                   1642                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu20.decode.BlockedCycles                5031                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu20.decode.RunCycles                   13832                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu20.decode.UnblockCycles                 223                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu20.decode.SquashCycles                  149                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu20.decode.BranchResolved                219                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu20.decode.BranchMispred                  27                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu20.decode.DecodedInsts                29125                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu20.decode.SquashedInsts                 507                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu20.rename.SquashCycles                  149                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu20.rename.IdleCycles                   2143                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu20.rename.BlockCycles                   386                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu20.rename.serializeStallCycles         4443                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu20.rename.RunCycles                   13531                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu20.rename.UnblockCycles                 225                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu20.rename.RenamedInsts                28504                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu20.rename.SquashedInsts                 147                       # Number of squashed instructions processed by rename
system.cpu20.rename.ROBFullEvents                 147                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu20.rename.RenamedOperands             49715                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu20.rename.RenameLookups              138063                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu20.rename.int_rename_lookups          38067                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu20.rename.CommittedMaps               47938                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu20.rename.UndoneMaps                   1771                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu20.rename.serializingInsts               49                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu20.rename.tempSerializingInsts           49                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu20.rename.skidInsts                     567                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu20.memDep0.insertedLoads               4006                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu20.memDep0.insertedStores               834                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu20.memDep0.conflictingLoads             243                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu20.memDep0.conflictingStores            156                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu20.iq.iqInstsAdded                    28226                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu20.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               106                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu20.iq.iqInstsIssued                   27984                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu20.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              40                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu20.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          1359                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu20.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined         2571                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu20.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu20.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        20877                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu20.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.340422                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu20.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      1.108711                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu20.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu20.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              6930     33.19%     33.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu20.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              3407     16.32%     49.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu20.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              7103     34.02%     83.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu20.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              3377     16.18%     99.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu20.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                60      0.29%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu20.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu20.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu20.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu20.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu20.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu20.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu20.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu20.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         20877                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  3874     78.85%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  405      8.24%     87.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 634     12.90%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               23193     82.88%     82.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.01%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               4014     14.34%     97.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               774      2.77%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::total                27984                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.rate                         0.948192                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu20.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      4913                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu20.iq.fu_busy_rate                 0.175565                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu20.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            81796                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu20.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           29692                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu20.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        27623                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu20.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu20.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu20.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu20.iq.int_alu_accesses                32897                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu20.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu20.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              1                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu20.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu20.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          259                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu20.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu20.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            1                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu20.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          203                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu20.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu20.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu20.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           28                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu20.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            2                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu20.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu20.iew.iewSquashCycles                  149                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu20.iew.iewBlockCycles                    64                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu20.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   2                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu20.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             28335                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu20.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu20.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                4006                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu20.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                834                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu20.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               49                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu20.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    2                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu20.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                   0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu20.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            1                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu20.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           29                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu20.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           94                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu20.iew.branchMispredicts                123                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu20.iew.iewExecutedInsts               27760                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu20.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                3954                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu20.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             222                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu20.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu20.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu20.iew.exec_refs                       4689                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu20.iew.exec_branches                   6479                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu20.iew.exec_stores                      735                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu20.iew.exec_rate                   0.940602                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu20.iew.wb_sent                        27662                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu20.iew.wb_count                       27623                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu20.iew.wb_producers                   19287                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu20.iew.wb_consumers                   32959                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu20.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu20.iew.wb_rate                     0.935960                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu20.iew.wb_fanout                   0.585182                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu20.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu20.commit.commitSquashedInsts          1116                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu20.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            89                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu20.commit.branchMispredicts             117                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu20.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        20665                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu20.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.305250                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu20.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.758648                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu20.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu20.commit.committed_per_cycle::0         7739     37.45%     37.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu20.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         9179     44.42%     81.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu20.commit.committed_per_cycle::2          370      1.79%     83.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu20.commit.committed_per_cycle::3          225      1.09%     84.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu20.commit.committed_per_cycle::4           79      0.38%     85.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu20.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         2633     12.74%     97.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu20.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          257      1.24%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu20.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          108      0.52%     99.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu20.commit.committed_per_cycle::8           75      0.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu20.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu20.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu20.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu20.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        20665                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu20.commit.committedInsts              26010                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu20.commit.committedOps                26973                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu20.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu20.commit.refs                         4378                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu20.commit.loads                        3747                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu20.commit.membars                        40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu20.commit.branches                     6393                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu20.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu20.commit.int_insts                   20748                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu20.commit.function_calls                104                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          22593     83.76%     83.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.01%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          3747     13.89%     97.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          631      2.34%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::total           26973                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.bw_lim_events                  75                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu20.rob.rob_reads                      48289                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu20.rob.rob_writes                     56408                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu20.timesIdled                            48                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu20.idleCycles                          8636                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu20.quiesceCycles                      84772                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu20.committedInsts                     26010                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu20.committedOps                       26973                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu20.cpi                             1.134679                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu20.cpi_total                       1.134679                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu20.ipc                             0.881307                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu20.ipc_total                       0.881307                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu20.int_regfile_reads                  36877                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu20.int_regfile_writes                 11725                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu20.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu20.cc_regfile_reads                   94896                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu20.cc_regfile_writes                  37023                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu20.misc_regfile_reads                  5759                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu20.misc_regfile_writes                   81                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu20.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu20.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           5.609209                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu20.dcache.tags.total_refs              4446                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu20.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              25                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu20.dcache.tags.avg_refs          177.840000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu20.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu20.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu20.data     5.609209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu20.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu20.data     0.005478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu20.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.005478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu20.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu20.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu20.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu20.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.024414                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu20.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            9151                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.tags.data_accesses           9151                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu20.data         3853                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          3853                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu20.data          590                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          590                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu20.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu20.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu20.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_hits::cpu20.data         4443                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_hits::total           4443                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_hits::cpu20.data         4444                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_hits::total          4444                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu20.data           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu20.data           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu20.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu20.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu20.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu20.data           19                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           19                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu20.data           13                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           13                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_misses::cpu20.data           67                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_misses::total           67                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_misses::cpu20.data           68                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_misses::total           68                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu20.data      5255724                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5255724                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu20.data      4266250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4266250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu20.data       971973                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       971973                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu20.data        37000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        37000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu20.data       424000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       424000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu20.data      9521974                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      9521974                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu20.data      9521974                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      9521974                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu20.data         3901                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3901                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu20.data          609                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          609                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu20.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu20.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu20.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu20.data           19                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           19                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu20.data           13                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           13                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu20.data         4510                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_accesses::total         4510                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu20.data         4512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_accesses::total         4512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu20.data     0.012305                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.012305                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu20.data     0.031199                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.031199                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu20.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu20.data            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu20.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu20.data     0.014856                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014856                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu20.data     0.015071                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015071                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu20.data 109494.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109494.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu20.data 224539.473684                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 224539.473684                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu20.data 51156.473684                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51156.473684                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu20.data  2846.153846                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  2846.153846                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu20.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu20.data 142119.014925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 142119.014925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu20.data 140029.029412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 140029.029412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu20.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          215                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu20.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu20.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu20.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu20.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          215                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu20.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu20.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu20.data           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu20.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu20.data           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu20.data           33                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu20.data           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu20.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu20.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu20.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu20.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu20.data           19                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           19                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu20.data           13                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu20.data           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu20.data           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.data      2173256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2173256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.data      1369000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1369000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.data         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.data       904527                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       904527                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.data        28000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        28000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.data       394000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       394000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.data      3542256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3542256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.data      3551756                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3551756                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu20.data     0.006921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu20.data     0.011494                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011494                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu20.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu20.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu20.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu20.data     0.007539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu20.data     0.007757                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007757                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.data 80490.962963                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80490.962963                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.data 195571.428571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 195571.428571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.data         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.data 47606.684211                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47606.684211                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.data  2153.846154                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  2153.846154                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.data       104184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       104184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.data 101478.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101478.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu20.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu20.icache.tags.tagsinuse           9.863859                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu20.icache.tags.total_refs              7805                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu20.icache.tags.sampled_refs              53                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu20.icache.tags.avg_refs          147.264151                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu20.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu20.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu20.inst     9.863859                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu20.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu20.inst     0.019265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu20.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.019265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu20.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu20.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu20.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu20.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.103516                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu20.icache.tags.tag_accesses           15791                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu20.icache.tags.data_accesses          15791                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu20.inst         7805                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          7805                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu20.icache.demand_hits::cpu20.inst         7805                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu20.icache.demand_hits::total           7805                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu20.icache.overall_hits::cpu20.inst         7805                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu20.icache.overall_hits::total          7805                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu20.inst           64                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           64                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu20.icache.demand_misses::cpu20.inst           64                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu20.icache.demand_misses::total           64                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu20.icache.overall_misses::cpu20.inst           64                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu20.icache.overall_misses::total           64                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu20.inst      8245499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8245499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu20.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu20.inst      8245499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu20.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8245499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu20.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu20.inst      8245499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu20.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8245499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu20.inst         7869                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7869                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu20.icache.demand_accesses::cpu20.inst         7869                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu20.icache.demand_accesses::total         7869                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu20.icache.overall_accesses::cpu20.inst         7869                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu20.icache.overall_accesses::total         7869                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu20.inst     0.008133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu20.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu20.inst     0.008133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu20.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu20.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu20.inst     0.008133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu20.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu20.inst 128835.921875                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128835.921875                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu20.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu20.inst 128835.921875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu20.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 128835.921875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu20.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu20.inst 128835.921875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu20.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 128835.921875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu20.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2105                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu20.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu20.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              13                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu20.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu20.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   161.923077                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu20.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu20.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu20.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu20.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu20.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu20.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu20.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu20.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu20.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu20.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu20.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu20.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu20.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu20.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu20.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu20.inst           53                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu20.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.inst      7086249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7086249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.inst      7086249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7086249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.inst      7086249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7086249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu20.inst     0.006735                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006735                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu20.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu20.inst     0.006735                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu20.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006735                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu20.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu20.inst     0.006735                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu20.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006735                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.inst 133702.811321                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 133702.811321                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.inst 133702.811321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 133702.811321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.inst 133702.811321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 133702.811321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu21.branchPred.lookups                  6874                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu21.branchPred.condPredicted            6365                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu21.branchPred.condIncorrect             139                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu21.branchPred.BTBLookups               3434                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu21.branchPred.BTBHits                  3344                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu21.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu21.branchPred.BTBHitPct           97.379150                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu21.branchPred.usedRAS                   205                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu21.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu21.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu21.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu21.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu21.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu21.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu21.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu21.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu21.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu21.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu21.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu21.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu21.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu21.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu21.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu21.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu21.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu21.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu21.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu21.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu21.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu21.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu21.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu21.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu21.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu21.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu21.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu21.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu21.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu21.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu21.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu21.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu21.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu21.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu21.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu21.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu21.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu21.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu21.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu21.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu21.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu21.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu21.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu21.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu21.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu21.numCycles                          28876                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu21.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu21.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu21.fetch.icacheStallCycles             1582                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu21.fetch.Insts                        28511                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu21.fetch.Branches                      6874                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu21.fetch.predictedBranches             3549                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu21.fetch.Cycles                       17839                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu21.fetch.SquashCycles                   339                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu21.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 97                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu21.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          266                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu21.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           85                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu21.fetch.CacheLines                    7566                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu21.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  34                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu21.fetch.rateDist::samples            20038                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu21.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.524254                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu21.fetch.rateDist::stdev           1.243393                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu21.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu21.fetch.rateDist::0                   5252     26.21%     26.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu21.fetch.rateDist::1                   6767     33.77%     59.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu21.fetch.rateDist::2                    281      1.40%     61.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu21.fetch.rateDist::3                   7738     38.62%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu21.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu21.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu21.fetch.rateDist::max_value              3                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu21.fetch.rateDist::total              20038                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu21.fetch.branchRate                0.238052                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu21.fetch.rate                      0.987360                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu21.decode.IdleCycles                   1579                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu21.decode.BlockedCycles                4706                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu21.decode.RunCycles                   13413                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu21.decode.UnblockCycles                 198                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu21.decode.SquashCycles                  142                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu21.decode.BranchResolved                211                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu21.decode.BranchMispred                  27                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu21.decode.DecodedInsts                28165                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu21.decode.SquashedInsts                 479                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu21.rename.SquashCycles                  142                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu21.rename.IdleCycles                   2044                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu21.rename.BlockCycles                   869                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu21.rename.serializeStallCycles         3657                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu21.rename.RunCycles                   13125                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu21.rename.UnblockCycles                 201                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu21.rename.RenamedInsts                27577                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu21.rename.SquashedInsts                 144                       # Number of squashed instructions processed by rename
system.cpu21.rename.ROBFullEvents                 135                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu21.rename.RenamedOperands             48148                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu21.rename.RenameLookups              133580                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu21.rename.int_rename_lookups          36850                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu21.rename.CommittedMaps               46444                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu21.rename.UndoneMaps                   1702                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu21.rename.serializingInsts               43                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu21.rename.tempSerializingInsts           43                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu21.rename.skidInsts                     515                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu21.memDep0.insertedLoads               3871                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu21.memDep0.insertedStores               794                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu21.memDep0.conflictingLoads             226                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu21.memDep0.conflictingStores            146                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu21.iq.iqInstsAdded                    27320                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu21.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                94                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu21.iq.iqInstsIssued                   27084                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu21.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              40                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu21.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          1324                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu21.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined         2504                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu21.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu21.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        20038                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu21.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.351632                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu21.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      1.106416                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu21.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu21.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              6534     32.61%     32.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu21.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              3313     16.53%     49.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu21.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              6859     34.23%     83.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu21.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              3275     16.34%     99.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu21.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                57      0.28%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu21.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu21.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu21.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu21.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu21.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu21.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu21.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu21.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         20038                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  3719     79.16%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  381      8.11%     87.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 598     12.73%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               22469     82.96%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.01%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               3878     14.32%     97.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               734      2.71%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::total                27084                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.rate                         0.937942                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu21.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      4698                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu21.iq.fu_busy_rate                 0.173460                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu21.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            78942                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu21.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           28739                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu21.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        26727                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu21.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu21.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu21.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu21.iq.int_alu_accesses                31782                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu21.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu21.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              1                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu21.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu21.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          259                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu21.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu21.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            1                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu21.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          203                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu21.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu21.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu21.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           27                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu21.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            2                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu21.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu21.iew.iewSquashCycles                  142                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu21.iew.iewBlockCycles                    64                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu21.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   2                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu21.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             27417                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu21.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu21.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                3871                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu21.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                794                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu21.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               43                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu21.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    2                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu21.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                   0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu21.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            1                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu21.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           28                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu21.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           91                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu21.iew.branchMispredicts                119                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu21.iew.iewExecutedInsts               26861                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu21.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                3817                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu21.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             221                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu21.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu21.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu21.iew.exec_refs                       4512                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu21.iew.exec_branches                   6278                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu21.iew.exec_stores                      695                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu21.iew.exec_rate                   0.930219                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu21.iew.wb_sent                        26764                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu21.iew.wb_count                       26727                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu21.iew.wb_producers                   18696                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu21.iew.wb_consumers                   31905                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu21.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu21.iew.wb_rate                     0.925578                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu21.iew.wb_fanout                   0.585990                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu21.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu21.commit.commitSquashedInsts          1096                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu21.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            81                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu21.commit.branchMispredicts             112                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu21.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        19833                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu21.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.315484                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu21.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.759820                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu21.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu21.commit.committed_per_cycle::0         7318     36.90%     36.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu21.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         8900     44.87%     81.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu21.commit.committed_per_cycle::2          348      1.75%     83.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu21.commit.committed_per_cycle::3          210      1.06%     84.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu21.commit.committed_per_cycle::4           74      0.37%     84.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu21.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         2569     12.95%     97.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu21.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          244      1.23%     99.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu21.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          101      0.51%     99.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu21.commit.committed_per_cycle::8           69      0.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu21.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu21.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu21.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu21.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        19833                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu21.commit.committedInsts              25185                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu21.commit.committedOps                26090                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu21.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu21.commit.refs                         4203                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu21.commit.loads                        3612                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu21.commit.membars                        38                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu21.commit.branches                     6194                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu21.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu21.commit.int_insts                   20054                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu21.commit.function_calls                 98                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          21885     83.88%     83.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.01%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          3612     13.84%     97.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          591      2.27%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::total           26090                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.bw_lim_events                  69                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu21.rob.rob_reads                      46586                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu21.rob.rob_writes                     54587                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu21.timesIdled                            49                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu21.idleCycles                          8838                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu21.quiesceCycles                      85409                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu21.committedInsts                     25185                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu21.committedOps                       26090                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu21.cpi                             1.146555                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu21.cpi_total                       1.146555                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu21.ipc                             0.872178                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu21.ipc_total                       0.872178                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu21.int_regfile_reads                  35711                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu21.int_regfile_writes                 11320                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu21.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu21.cc_regfile_reads                   91779                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu21.cc_regfile_writes                  35910                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu21.misc_regfile_reads                  5575                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu21.misc_regfile_writes                   64                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu21.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu21.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           5.442328                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu21.dcache.tags.total_refs              4272                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu21.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              25                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu21.dcache.tags.avg_refs          170.880000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu21.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu21.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu21.data     5.442328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu21.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu21.data     0.005315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu21.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.005315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu21.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu21.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu21.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu21.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.024414                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu21.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            8790                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.tags.data_accesses           8790                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu21.data         3715                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          3715                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu21.data          554                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          554                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu21.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu21.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu21.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu21.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_hits::cpu21.data         4269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_hits::total           4269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_hits::cpu21.data         4270                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_hits::total          4270                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu21.data           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu21.data           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu21.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu21.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu21.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu21.data           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu21.data           10                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           10                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_misses::cpu21.data           72                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_misses::total           72                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_misses::cpu21.data           73                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_misses::total           73                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu21.data      6368498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6368498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu21.data      4934500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4934500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu21.data       799982                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       799982                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu21.data        37000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        37000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu21.data       260500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       260500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu21.data     11302998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     11302998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu21.data     11302998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     11302998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu21.data         3768                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3768                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu21.data          573                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          573                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu21.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu21.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu21.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu21.data           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu21.data           10                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           10                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu21.data         4341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_accesses::total         4341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu21.data         4343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_accesses::total         4343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu21.data     0.014066                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014066                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu21.data     0.033159                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.033159                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu21.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu21.data     0.866667                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.866667                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu21.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu21.data     0.016586                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016586                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu21.data     0.016809                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016809                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu21.data 120160.339623                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120160.339623                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu21.data 259710.526316                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 259710.526316                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu21.data 61537.076923                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61537.076923                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu21.data         3700                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total         3700                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu21.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu21.data 156986.083333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156986.083333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu21.data 154835.589041                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154835.589041                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu21.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          160                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu21.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu21.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu21.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu21.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          160                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu21.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu21.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu21.data           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu21.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu21.data           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu21.data           38                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu21.data           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu21.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu21.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu21.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu21.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu21.data           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu21.data           10                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu21.data           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu21.data           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.data      2797251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2797251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.data      1582500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1582500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.data         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.data       752518                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       752518                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.data        28000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        28000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.data       239000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       239000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.data      4379751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4379751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.data      4389251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4389251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu21.data     0.007166                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007166                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu21.data     0.012216                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012216                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu21.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu21.data     0.866667                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.866667                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu21.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu21.data     0.007832                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007832                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu21.data     0.008059                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008059                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.data 103601.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103601.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.data 226071.428571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 226071.428571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.data         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.data        57886                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        57886                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.data         2800                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         2800                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.data 128816.205882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 128816.205882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.data 125407.171429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 125407.171429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu21.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu21.icache.tags.tagsinuse           9.502394                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu21.icache.tags.total_refs              7502                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu21.icache.tags.sampled_refs              52                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu21.icache.tags.avg_refs          144.269231                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu21.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu21.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu21.inst     9.502394                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu21.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu21.inst     0.018559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu21.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.018559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu21.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu21.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu21.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu21.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.101562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu21.icache.tags.tag_accesses           15182                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu21.icache.tags.data_accesses          15182                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu21.inst         7502                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          7502                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu21.icache.demand_hits::cpu21.inst         7502                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu21.icache.demand_hits::total           7502                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu21.icache.overall_hits::cpu21.inst         7502                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu21.icache.overall_hits::total          7502                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu21.inst           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu21.icache.demand_misses::cpu21.inst           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu21.icache.demand_misses::total           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu21.icache.overall_misses::cpu21.inst           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu21.icache.overall_misses::total           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu21.inst      8426748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8426748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu21.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu21.inst      8426748                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu21.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8426748                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu21.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu21.inst      8426748                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu21.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8426748                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu21.inst         7565                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7565                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu21.icache.demand_accesses::cpu21.inst         7565                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu21.icache.demand_accesses::total         7565                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu21.icache.overall_accesses::cpu21.inst         7565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu21.icache.overall_accesses::total         7565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu21.inst     0.008328                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008328                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu21.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu21.inst     0.008328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu21.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu21.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu21.inst     0.008328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu21.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu21.inst 133757.904762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 133757.904762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu21.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu21.inst 133757.904762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu21.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 133757.904762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu21.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu21.inst 133757.904762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu21.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 133757.904762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu21.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2626                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu21.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu21.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              14                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu21.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu21.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   187.571429                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu21.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu21.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu21.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu21.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu21.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu21.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu21.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu21.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu21.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu21.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu21.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu21.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu21.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu21.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu21.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu21.inst           52                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu21.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.inst      7320748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7320748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.inst      7320748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7320748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.inst      7320748                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7320748                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu21.inst     0.006874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu21.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu21.inst     0.006874                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu21.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006874                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu21.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu21.inst     0.006874                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu21.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006874                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.inst 140783.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 140783.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.inst 140783.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 140783.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.inst 140783.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 140783.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu22.branchPred.lookups                  5457                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu22.branchPred.condPredicted            5002                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu22.branchPred.condIncorrect             130                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu22.branchPred.BTBLookups               2729                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu22.branchPred.BTBHits                  2636                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu22.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu22.branchPred.BTBHitPct           96.592158                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu22.branchPred.usedRAS                   172                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu22.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu22.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu22.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu22.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu22.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu22.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu22.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu22.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu22.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu22.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu22.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu22.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu22.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu22.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu22.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu22.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu22.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu22.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu22.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu22.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu22.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu22.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu22.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu22.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu22.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu22.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu22.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu22.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu22.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu22.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu22.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu22.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu22.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu22.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu22.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu22.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu22.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu22.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu22.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu22.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu22.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu22.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu22.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu22.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu22.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu22.numCycles                          27984                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu22.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu22.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu22.fetch.icacheStallCycles             1396                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu22.fetch.Insts                        22745                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu22.fetch.Branches                      5457                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu22.fetch.predictedBranches             2808                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu22.fetch.Cycles                       17259                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu22.fetch.SquashCycles                   309                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu22.fetch.MiscStallCycles                139                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu22.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          231                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu22.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           80                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu22.fetch.CacheLines                    6065                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu22.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  29                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu22.fetch.rateDist::samples            19259                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu22.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.273327                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu22.fetch.rateDist::stdev           1.271430                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu22.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu22.fetch.rateDist::0                   7424     38.55%     38.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu22.fetch.rateDist::1                   5376     27.91%     66.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu22.fetch.rateDist::2                    230      1.19%     67.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu22.fetch.rateDist::3                   6229     32.34%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu22.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu22.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu22.fetch.rateDist::max_value              3                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu22.fetch.rateDist::total              19259                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu22.fetch.branchRate                0.195004                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu22.fetch.rate                      0.812786                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu22.decode.IdleCycles                   1545                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu22.decode.BlockedCycles                6776                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu22.decode.RunCycles                   10633                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu22.decode.UnblockCycles                 177                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu22.decode.SquashCycles                  128                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu22.decode.BranchResolved                186                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu22.decode.BranchMispred                  27                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu22.decode.DecodedInsts                22359                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu22.decode.SquashedInsts                 452                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu22.rename.SquashCycles                  128                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu22.rename.IdleCycles                   1972                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu22.rename.BlockCycles                  1835                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu22.rename.serializeStallCycles         4748                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu22.rename.RunCycles                   10368                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu22.rename.UnblockCycles                 208                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu22.rename.RenamedInsts                21822                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu22.rename.SquashedInsts                 140                       # Number of squashed instructions processed by rename
system.cpu22.rename.ROBFullEvents                 108                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu22.rename.SQFullEvents                   30                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu22.rename.RenamedOperands             37835                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu22.rename.RenameLookups              105624                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu22.rename.int_rename_lookups          29077                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu22.rename.CommittedMaps               36302                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu22.rename.UndoneMaps                   1532                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu22.rename.serializingInsts               48                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu22.rename.tempSerializingInsts           48                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu22.rename.skidInsts                     458                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu22.memDep0.insertedLoads               3082                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu22.memDep0.insertedStores               682                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu22.memDep0.conflictingLoads             173                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu22.memDep0.conflictingStores            110                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu22.iq.iqInstsAdded                    21579                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu22.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                93                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu22.iq.iqInstsIssued                   21382                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu22.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              36                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu22.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          1211                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu22.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined         2221                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu22.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu22.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        19259                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu22.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.110234                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu22.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      1.125867                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu22.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu22.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              8543     44.36%     44.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu22.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              2720     14.12%     58.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu22.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              5374     27.90%     86.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu22.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              2574     13.37%     99.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu22.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                48      0.25%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu22.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu22.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu22.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu22.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu22.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu22.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu22.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu22.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         19259                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  2888     78.16%     78.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0      0.00%     78.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     78.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0      0.00%     78.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     78.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     78.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     78.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     78.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     78.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     78.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     78.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     78.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     78.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     78.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     78.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     78.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     78.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     78.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     78.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     78.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     78.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     78.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     78.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     78.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     78.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     78.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     78.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     78.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  313      8.47%     86.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 494     13.37%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               17664     82.61%     82.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.01%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               3087     14.44%     97.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               628      2.94%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::total                21382                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.rate                         0.764079                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu22.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      3695                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu22.iq.fu_busy_rate                 0.172809                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu22.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            65751                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu22.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           22884                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu22.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        21063                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu22.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu22.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu22.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu22.iq.int_alu_accesses                25077                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu22.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu22.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu22.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu22.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          237                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu22.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu22.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            1                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu22.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          189                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu22.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu22.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu22.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           22                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu22.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            2                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu22.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu22.iew.iewSquashCycles                  128                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu22.iew.iewBlockCycles                    61                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu22.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   2                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu22.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             21674                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu22.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu22.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                3082                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu22.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                682                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu22.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               48                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu22.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    2                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu22.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                   0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu22.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            1                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu22.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           22                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu22.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           89                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu22.iew.branchMispredicts                111                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu22.iew.iewExecutedInsts               21184                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu22.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                3034                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu22.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             195                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu22.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu22.iew.exec_nop                           2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu22.iew.exec_refs                       3625                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu22.iew.exec_branches                   4926                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu22.iew.exec_stores                      591                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu22.iew.exec_rate                   0.757004                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu22.iew.wb_sent                        21094                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu22.iew.wb_count                       21063                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu22.iew.wb_producers                   14652                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu22.iew.wb_consumers                   24960                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu22.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu22.iew.wb_rate                     0.752680                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu22.iew.wb_fanout                   0.587019                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu22.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu22.commit.commitSquashedInsts           997                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu22.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            79                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu22.commit.branchMispredicts             104                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu22.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        19071                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu22.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.072886                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu22.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.664439                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu22.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu22.commit.committed_per_cycle::0         9216     48.32%     48.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu22.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         7012     36.77%     85.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu22.commit.committed_per_cycle::2          291      1.53%     86.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu22.commit.committed_per_cycle::3          170      0.89%     87.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu22.commit.committed_per_cycle::4           62      0.33%     87.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu22.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         1999     10.48%     98.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu22.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          188      0.99%     99.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu22.commit.committed_per_cycle::7           78      0.41%     99.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu22.commit.committed_per_cycle::8           55      0.29%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu22.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu22.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu22.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu22.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        19071                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu22.commit.committedInsts              19730                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu22.commit.committedOps                20461                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu22.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu22.commit.refs                         3338                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu22.commit.loads                        2845                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu22.commit.membars                        32                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu22.commit.branches                     4846                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu22.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu22.commit.int_insts                   15743                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu22.commit.function_calls                 80                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          17121     83.68%     83.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.01%     83.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     83.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     83.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     83.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     83.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     83.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     83.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     83.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     83.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          2845     13.90%     97.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          493      2.41%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::total           20461                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.bw_lim_events                  55                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu22.rob.rob_reads                      40188                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu22.rob.rob_writes                     43116                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu22.timesIdled                            50                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu22.idleCycles                          8725                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu22.quiesceCycles                      86301                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu22.committedInsts                     19730                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu22.committedOps                       20461                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu22.cpi                             1.418348                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu22.cpi_total                       1.418348                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu22.ipc                             0.705046                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu22.ipc_total                       0.705046                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu22.int_regfile_reads                  28086                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu22.int_regfile_writes                  8999                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu22.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu22.cc_regfile_reads                   72450                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu22.cc_regfile_writes                  28051                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu22.misc_regfile_reads                  4708                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu22.misc_regfile_writes                  107                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu22.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu22.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           5.278671                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu22.dcache.tags.total_refs              3379                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu22.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              25                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu22.dcache.tags.avg_refs          135.160000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu22.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu22.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu22.data     5.278671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu22.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu22.data     0.005155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu22.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.005155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu22.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu22.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu22.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu22.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.024414                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu22.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            7028                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.tags.data_accesses           7028                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu22.data         2930                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          2930                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu22.data          446                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          446                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu22.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu22.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu22.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu22.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_hits::cpu22.data         3376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_hits::total           3376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_hits::cpu22.data         3377                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_hits::total          3377                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu22.data           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu22.data           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu22.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu22.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu22.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu22.data           25                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           25                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu22.data            8                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            8                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_misses::cpu22.data           70                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_misses::total           70                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_misses::cpu22.data           71                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_misses::total           71                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu22.data      7916500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7916500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu22.data      6468500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6468500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu22.data      1239418                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1239418                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu22.data        36000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        36000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu22.data       445000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       445000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu22.data     14385000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     14385000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu22.data     14385000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     14385000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu22.data         2981                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2981                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu22.data          465                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          465                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu22.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu22.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu22.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu22.data           26                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           26                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu22.data            8                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            8                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu22.data         3446                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_accesses::total         3446                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu22.data         3448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_accesses::total         3448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu22.data     0.017108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.017108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu22.data     0.040860                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.040860                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu22.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu22.data     0.961538                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.961538                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu22.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu22.data     0.020313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu22.data     0.020592                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020592                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu22.data 155225.490196                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155225.490196                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu22.data 340447.368421                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 340447.368421                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu22.data 49576.720000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49576.720000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu22.data         4500                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total         4500                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu22.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu22.data       205500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       205500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu22.data 202605.633803                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 202605.633803                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu22.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          199                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu22.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu22.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu22.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu22.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          199                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu22.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu22.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu22.data           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu22.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu22.data           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu22.data           36                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu22.data           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu22.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu22.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu22.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu22.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu22.data           25                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu22.data            8                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu22.data           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu22.data           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.data      3170500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3170500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.data      2118000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2118000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.data        10500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        10500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.data      1145582                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1145582                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.data        27000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        27000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.data       429500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       429500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.data      5288500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5288500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.data      5299000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5299000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu22.data     0.009057                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009057                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu22.data     0.015054                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015054                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu22.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu22.data     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu22.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu22.data     0.009867                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009867                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu22.data     0.010151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.data 117425.925926                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117425.925926                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.data 302571.428571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 302571.428571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.data        10500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        10500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.data 45823.280000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45823.280000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.data         3375                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         3375                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.data 155544.117647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155544.117647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.data       151400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       151400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu22.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu22.icache.tags.tagsinuse           9.058333                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu22.icache.tags.total_refs              6006                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu22.icache.tags.sampled_refs              50                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu22.icache.tags.avg_refs          120.120000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu22.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu22.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu22.inst     9.058333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu22.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu22.inst     0.017692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu22.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.017692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu22.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu22.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu22.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu22.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.097656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu22.icache.tags.tag_accesses           12178                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu22.icache.tags.data_accesses          12178                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu22.inst         6006                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          6006                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu22.icache.demand_hits::cpu22.inst         6006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu22.icache.demand_hits::total           6006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu22.icache.overall_hits::cpu22.inst         6006                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu22.icache.overall_hits::total          6006                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu22.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu22.icache.demand_misses::cpu22.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu22.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu22.icache.overall_misses::cpu22.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu22.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu22.inst      7895749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7895749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu22.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu22.inst      7895749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu22.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7895749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu22.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu22.inst      7895749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu22.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7895749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu22.inst         6064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu22.icache.demand_accesses::cpu22.inst         6064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu22.icache.demand_accesses::total         6064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu22.icache.overall_accesses::cpu22.inst         6064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu22.icache.overall_accesses::total         6064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu22.inst     0.009565                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009565                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu22.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu22.inst     0.009565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu22.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu22.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu22.inst     0.009565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu22.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu22.inst 136133.603448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 136133.603448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu22.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu22.inst 136133.603448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu22.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 136133.603448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu22.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu22.inst 136133.603448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu22.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 136133.603448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu22.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2425                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu22.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu22.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              13                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu22.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu22.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   186.538462                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu22.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu22.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu22.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu22.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu22.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu22.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu22.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu22.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu22.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu22.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu22.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu22.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu22.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu22.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu22.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu22.inst           50                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu22.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           50                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.inst      6899249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6899249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.inst      6899249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6899249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.inst      6899249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6899249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu22.inst     0.008245                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008245                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu22.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu22.inst     0.008245                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu22.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008245                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu22.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu22.inst     0.008245                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu22.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008245                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.inst 137984.980000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137984.980000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.inst 137984.980000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137984.980000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.inst 137984.980000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137984.980000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu23.branchPred.lookups                  4729                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu23.branchPred.condPredicted            4324                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu23.branchPred.condIncorrect             119                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu23.branchPred.BTBLookups               2365                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu23.branchPred.BTBHits                  2277                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu23.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu23.branchPred.BTBHitPct           96.279070                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu23.branchPred.usedRAS                   151                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu23.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu23.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu23.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu23.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu23.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu23.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu23.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu23.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu23.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu23.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu23.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu23.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu23.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu23.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu23.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu23.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu23.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu23.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu23.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu23.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu23.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu23.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu23.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu23.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu23.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu23.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu23.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu23.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu23.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu23.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu23.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu23.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu23.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu23.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu23.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu23.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu23.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu23.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu23.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu23.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu23.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu23.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu23.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu23.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu23.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu23.numCycles                          27251                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu23.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu23.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu23.fetch.icacheStallCycles             1465                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu23.fetch.Insts                        19766                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu23.fetch.Branches                      4729                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu23.fetch.predictedBranches             2428                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu23.fetch.Cycles                       16511                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu23.fetch.SquashCycles                   279                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu23.fetch.MiscStallCycles                102                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu23.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          278                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu23.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           27                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu23.fetch.CacheLines                    5280                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu23.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  25                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu23.fetch.rateDist::samples            18522                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu23.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.152143                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu23.fetch.rateDist::stdev           1.266184                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu23.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu23.fetch.rateDist::0                   8225     44.41%     44.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu23.fetch.rateDist::1                   4681     25.27%     69.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu23.fetch.rateDist::2                    189      1.02%     70.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu23.fetch.rateDist::3                   5427     29.30%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu23.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu23.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu23.fetch.rateDist::max_value              3                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu23.fetch.rateDist::total              18522                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu23.fetch.branchRate                0.173535                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu23.fetch.rate                      0.725331                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu23.decode.IdleCycles                   1422                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu23.decode.BlockedCycles                7637                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu23.decode.RunCycles                    9176                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu23.decode.UnblockCycles                 173                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu23.decode.SquashCycles                  114                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu23.decode.BranchResolved                161                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu23.decode.BranchMispred                  26                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu23.decode.DecodedInsts                19389                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu23.decode.SquashedInsts                 387                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu23.rename.SquashCycles                  114                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu23.rename.IdleCycles                   1808                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu23.rename.BlockCycles                  2603                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu23.rename.serializeStallCycles         4878                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu23.rename.RunCycles                    8951                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu23.rename.UnblockCycles                 168                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu23.rename.RenamedInsts                18909                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu23.rename.SquashedInsts                 124                       # Number of squashed instructions processed by rename
system.cpu23.rename.ROBFullEvents                  99                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu23.rename.RenamedOperands             32659                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu23.rename.RenameLookups               91520                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu23.rename.int_rename_lookups          25189                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu23.rename.CommittedMaps               31301                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu23.rename.UndoneMaps                   1355                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu23.rename.serializingInsts               46                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu23.rename.tempSerializingInsts           46                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu23.rename.skidInsts                     425                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu23.memDep0.insertedLoads               2664                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu23.memDep0.insertedStores               600                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu23.memDep0.conflictingLoads             148                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu23.memDep0.conflictingStores             85                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu23.iq.iqInstsAdded                    18666                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu23.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                88                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu23.iq.iqInstsIssued                   18517                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu23.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              51                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu23.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          1077                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu23.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined         1817                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu23.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu23.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        18522                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu23.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       0.999730                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu23.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      1.118414                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu23.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu23.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              9239     49.88%     49.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu23.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              2356     12.72%     62.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu23.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              4660     25.16%     87.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu23.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              2227     12.02%     99.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu23.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                40      0.22%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu23.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu23.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu23.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu23.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu23.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu23.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu23.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu23.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         18522                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  2512     78.52%     78.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0      0.00%     78.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     78.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0      0.00%     78.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     78.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     78.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     78.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     78.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     78.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     78.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     78.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     78.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     78.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     78.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     78.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     78.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     78.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     78.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     78.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     78.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     78.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     78.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     78.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     78.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     78.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     78.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     78.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     78.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  263      8.22%     86.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 424     13.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               15290     82.57%     82.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.02%     82.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     82.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     82.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     82.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     82.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     82.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     82.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     82.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     82.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     82.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     82.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     82.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     82.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     82.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     82.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     82.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     82.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     82.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     82.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     82.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     82.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     82.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     82.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     82.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     82.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               2675     14.45%     97.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               549      2.96%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::total                18517                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.rate                         0.679498                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu23.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      3199                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu23.iq.fu_busy_rate                 0.172760                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu23.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            58805                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu23.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           19831                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu23.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        18232                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu23.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu23.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu23.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu23.iq.int_alu_accesses                21716                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu23.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu23.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              1                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu23.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu23.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          199                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu23.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu23.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu23.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          160                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu23.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu23.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu23.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           20                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu23.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            2                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu23.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu23.iew.iewSquashCycles                  114                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu23.iew.iewBlockCycles                    62                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu23.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   2                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu23.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             18757                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu23.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu23.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                2664                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu23.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                600                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu23.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               46                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu23.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    2                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu23.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                   0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu23.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu23.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           19                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu23.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           82                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu23.iew.branchMispredicts                101                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu23.iew.iewExecutedInsts               18341                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu23.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                2643                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu23.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             175                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu23.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu23.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu23.iew.exec_refs                       3159                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu23.iew.exec_branches                   4255                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu23.iew.exec_stores                      516                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu23.iew.exec_rate                   0.673040                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu23.iew.wb_sent                        18260                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu23.iew.wb_count                       18232                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu23.iew.wb_producers                   12649                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu23.iew.wb_consumers                   21552                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu23.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu23.iew.wb_rate                     0.669040                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu23.iew.wb_fanout                   0.586906                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu23.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu23.commit.commitSquashedInsts           905                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu23.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            74                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu23.commit.branchMispredicts              94                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu23.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        18347                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu23.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.963482                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu23.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.606863                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu23.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu23.commit.committed_per_cycle::0         9805     53.44%     53.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu23.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         6085     33.17%     86.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu23.commit.committed_per_cycle::2          259      1.41%     88.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu23.commit.committed_per_cycle::3          147      0.80%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu23.commit.committed_per_cycle::4           51      0.28%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu23.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         1730      9.43%     98.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu23.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          163      0.89%     99.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu23.commit.committed_per_cycle::7           55      0.30%     99.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu23.commit.committed_per_cycle::8           52      0.28%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu23.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu23.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu23.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu23.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        18347                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu23.commit.committedInsts              17033                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu23.commit.committedOps                17677                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu23.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu23.commit.refs                         2905                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu23.commit.loads                        2465                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu23.commit.membars                        29                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu23.commit.branches                     4180                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu23.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu23.commit.int_insts                   13610                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu23.commit.function_calls                 71                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          14770     83.55%     83.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.01%     83.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     83.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     83.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     83.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     83.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     83.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     83.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     83.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     83.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          2465     13.94%     97.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          440      2.49%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::total           17677                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.bw_lim_events                  52                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu23.rob.rob_reads                      36630                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu23.rob.rob_writes                     37353                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu23.timesIdled                            47                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu23.idleCycles                          8729                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu23.quiesceCycles                      87034                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu23.committedInsts                     17033                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu23.committedOps                       17677                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu23.cpi                             1.599894                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu23.cpi_total                       1.599894                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu23.ipc                             0.625041                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu23.ipc_total                       0.625041                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu23.int_regfile_reads                  24281                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu23.int_regfile_writes                  7834                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu23.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu23.cc_regfile_reads                   62778                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu23.cc_regfile_writes                  24218                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu23.misc_regfile_reads                  4203                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu23.misc_regfile_writes                  112                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu23.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu23.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           5.102107                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu23.dcache.tags.total_refs              2934                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu23.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              25                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu23.dcache.tags.avg_refs          117.360000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu23.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu23.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu23.data     5.102107                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu23.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu23.data     0.004983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu23.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.004983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu23.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu23.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu23.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu23.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.024414                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu23.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            6146                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.tags.data_accesses           6146                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu23.data         2539                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          2539                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu23.data          392                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          392                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu23.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu23.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu23.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu23.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu23.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu23.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_hits::cpu23.data         2931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_hits::total           2931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_hits::cpu23.data         2932                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_hits::total          2932                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu23.data           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu23.data           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu23.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu23.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu23.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu23.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu23.data           24                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu23.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           24                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu23.data           11                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           11                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_misses::cpu23.data           69                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_misses::total           69                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_misses::cpu23.data           70                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_misses::total           70                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu23.data      8973250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8973250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu23.data      8147000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8147000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu23.data       881889                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       881889                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu23.data        36000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        36000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu23.data       820999                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       820999                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu23.data     17120250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     17120250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu23.data     17120250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     17120250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu23.data         2589                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2589                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu23.data          411                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          411                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu23.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu23.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu23.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu23.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu23.data           27                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu23.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           27                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu23.data           11                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           11                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu23.data         3000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_accesses::total         3000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu23.data         3002                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_accesses::total         3002                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu23.data     0.019312                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019312                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu23.data     0.046229                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.046229                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu23.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu23.data     0.888889                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.888889                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu23.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu23.data     0.023000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.023000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu23.data     0.023318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.023318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu23.data       179465                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       179465                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu23.data 428789.473684                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 428789.473684                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu23.data 36745.375000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36745.375000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu23.data  3272.727273                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  3272.727273                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu23.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu23.data 248119.565217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 248119.565217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu23.data       244575                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       244575                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu23.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          379                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu23.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu23.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu23.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu23.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          379                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu23.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu23.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu23.data           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu23.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu23.data           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu23.data           35                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu23.data           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu23.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu23.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu23.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu23.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu23.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu23.data           24                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu23.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu23.data           11                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu23.data           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu23.data           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.data      3213250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3213250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.data      2576500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2576500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.data         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.data       794111                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       794111                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.data        27000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        27000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.data       795501                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       795501                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.data      5789750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5789750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.data      5799250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5799250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu23.data     0.010429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu23.data     0.017032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu23.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu23.data     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu23.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu23.data     0.011333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu23.data     0.011659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.data 119009.259259                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119009.259259                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.data 368071.428571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 368071.428571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.data         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.data 33087.958333                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33087.958333                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.data  2454.545455                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  2454.545455                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.data 170286.764706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170286.764706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.data 165692.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165692.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu23.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu23.icache.tags.tagsinuse           8.591539                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu23.icache.tags.total_refs              5223                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu23.icache.tags.sampled_refs              48                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu23.icache.tags.avg_refs          108.812500                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu23.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu23.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu23.inst     8.591539                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu23.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu23.inst     0.016780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu23.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.016780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu23.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu23.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu23.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu23.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.093750                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu23.icache.tags.tag_accesses           10606                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu23.icache.tags.data_accesses          10606                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu23.inst         5223                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          5223                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu23.icache.demand_hits::cpu23.inst         5223                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu23.icache.demand_hits::total           5223                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu23.icache.overall_hits::cpu23.inst         5223                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu23.icache.overall_hits::total          5223                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu23.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu23.icache.demand_misses::cpu23.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu23.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu23.icache.overall_misses::cpu23.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu23.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu23.inst      8042499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8042499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu23.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu23.inst      8042499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu23.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8042499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu23.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu23.inst      8042499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu23.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8042499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu23.inst         5279                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5279                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu23.icache.demand_accesses::cpu23.inst         5279                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu23.icache.demand_accesses::total         5279                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu23.icache.overall_accesses::cpu23.inst         5279                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu23.icache.overall_accesses::total         5279                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu23.inst     0.010608                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010608                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu23.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu23.inst     0.010608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu23.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu23.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu23.inst     0.010608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu23.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu23.inst 143616.053571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 143616.053571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu23.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu23.inst 143616.053571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu23.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 143616.053571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu23.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu23.inst 143616.053571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu23.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 143616.053571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu23.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2677                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu23.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu23.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              12                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu23.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu23.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   223.083333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu23.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu23.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu23.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu23.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu23.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu23.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu23.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu23.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu23.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu23.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu23.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu23.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu23.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu23.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu23.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu23.inst           48                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu23.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           48                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.inst      7076999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7076999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.inst      7076999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7076999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.inst      7076999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7076999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu23.inst     0.009093                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009093                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu23.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu23.inst     0.009093                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu23.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009093                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu23.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu23.inst     0.009093                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu23.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009093                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.inst 147437.479167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 147437.479167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.inst 147437.479167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 147437.479167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.inst 147437.479167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 147437.479167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu24.branchPred.lookups                  6037                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu24.branchPred.condPredicted            5556                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu24.branchPred.condIncorrect             136                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu24.branchPred.BTBLookups               3004                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu24.branchPred.BTBHits                  2910                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu24.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu24.branchPred.BTBHitPct           96.870839                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu24.branchPred.usedRAS                   191                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu24.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu24.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu24.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu24.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu24.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu24.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu24.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu24.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu24.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu24.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu24.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu24.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu24.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu24.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu24.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu24.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu24.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu24.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu24.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu24.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu24.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu24.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu24.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu24.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu24.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu24.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu24.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu24.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu24.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu24.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu24.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu24.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu24.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu24.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu24.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu24.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu24.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu24.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu24.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu24.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu24.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu24.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu24.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu24.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu24.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu24.numCycles                          26673                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu24.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu24.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu24.fetch.icacheStallCycles             1757                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu24.fetch.Insts                        25092                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu24.fetch.Branches                      6037                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu24.fetch.predictedBranches             3101                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu24.fetch.Cycles                       15735                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu24.fetch.SquashCycles                   327                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu24.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 71                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu24.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          258                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu24.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           58                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu24.fetch.CacheLines                    6689                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu24.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  40                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu24.fetch.rateDist::samples            18042                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu24.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.495289                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu24.fetch.rateDist::stdev           1.249491                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu24.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu24.fetch.rateDist::0                   4994     27.68%     27.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu24.fetch.rateDist::1                   5952     32.99%     60.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu24.fetch.rateDist::2                    262      1.45%     62.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu24.fetch.rateDist::3                   6834     37.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu24.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu24.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu24.fetch.rateDist::max_value              3                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu24.fetch.rateDist::total              18042                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu24.fetch.branchRate                0.226334                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu24.fetch.rate                      0.940727                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu24.decode.IdleCycles                   1585                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu24.decode.BlockedCycles                4381                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu24.decode.RunCycles                   11763                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu24.decode.UnblockCycles                 177                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu24.decode.SquashCycles                  136                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu24.decode.BranchResolved                193                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu24.decode.BranchMispred                  27                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu24.decode.DecodedInsts                24678                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu24.decode.SquashedInsts                 451                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu24.rename.SquashCycles                  136                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu24.rename.IdleCycles                   2015                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu24.rename.BlockCycles                   634                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu24.rename.serializeStallCycles         3587                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu24.rename.RunCycles                   11492                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu24.rename.UnblockCycles                 178                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu24.rename.RenamedInsts                24144                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu24.rename.SquashedInsts                 128                       # Number of squashed instructions processed by rename
system.cpu24.rename.ROBFullEvents                 115                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu24.rename.RenamedOperands             42022                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu24.rename.RenameLookups              116907                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu24.rename.int_rename_lookups          32214                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu24.rename.CommittedMaps               40446                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu24.rename.UndoneMaps                   1575                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu24.rename.serializingInsts               42                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu24.rename.tempSerializingInsts           42                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu24.rename.skidInsts                     462                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu24.memDep0.insertedLoads               3401                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu24.memDep0.insertedStores               716                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu24.memDep0.conflictingLoads             196                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu24.memDep0.conflictingStores            131                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu24.iq.iqInstsAdded                    23899                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu24.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                91                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu24.iq.iqInstsIssued                   23692                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu24.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              39                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu24.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          1231                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu24.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined         2287                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu24.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu24.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        18042                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu24.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.313158                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu24.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      1.112154                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu24.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu24.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              6198     34.35%     34.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu24.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              2963     16.42%     50.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu24.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              5966     33.07%     83.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu24.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              2863     15.87%     99.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu24.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                52      0.29%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu24.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu24.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu24.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu24.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu24.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu24.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu24.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu24.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         18042                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  3194     78.55%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  339      8.34%     86.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 533     13.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               19615     82.79%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.01%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               3410     14.39%     97.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               664      2.80%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::total                23692                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.rate                         0.888239                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu24.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      4066                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu24.iq.fu_busy_rate                 0.171619                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu24.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            69528                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu24.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           25222                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu24.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        23355                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu24.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu24.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu24.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu24.iq.int_alu_accesses                27758                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu24.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu24.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              2                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu24.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu24.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          246                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu24.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu24.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            1                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu24.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          182                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu24.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu24.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu24.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           25                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu24.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           11                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu24.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu24.iew.iewSquashCycles                  136                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu24.iew.iewBlockCycles                    63                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu24.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   2                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu24.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             23993                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu24.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu24.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                3401                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu24.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                716                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu24.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               42                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu24.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    2                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu24.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                   0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu24.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            1                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu24.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           26                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu24.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           88                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu24.iew.branchMispredicts                114                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu24.iew.iewExecutedInsts               23485                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu24.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                3356                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu24.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             204                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu24.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu24.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu24.iew.exec_refs                       3984                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu24.iew.exec_branches                   5475                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu24.iew.exec_stores                      628                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu24.iew.exec_rate                   0.880478                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu24.iew.wb_sent                        23389                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu24.iew.wb_count                       23355                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu24.iew.wb_producers                   16283                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu24.iew.wb_consumers                   27739                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu24.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu24.iew.wb_rate                     0.875605                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu24.iew.wb_fanout                   0.587007                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu24.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu24.commit.commitSquashedInsts          1025                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu24.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            76                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu24.commit.branchMispredicts             109                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu24.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        17844                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu24.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.275443                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu24.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.742860                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu24.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu24.commit.committed_per_cycle::0         6900     38.67%     38.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu24.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         7784     43.62%     82.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu24.commit.committed_per_cycle::2          313      1.75%     84.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu24.commit.committed_per_cycle::3          184      1.03%     85.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu24.commit.committed_per_cycle::4           69      0.39%     85.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu24.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         2245     12.58%     98.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu24.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          205      1.15%     99.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu24.commit.committed_per_cycle::7           86      0.48%     99.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu24.commit.committed_per_cycle::8           58      0.33%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu24.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu24.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu24.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu24.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        17844                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu24.commit.committedInsts              21950                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu24.commit.committedOps                22759                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu24.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu24.commit.refs                         3689                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu24.commit.loads                        3155                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu24.commit.membars                        34                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu24.commit.branches                     5395                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu24.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu24.commit.int_insts                   17506                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu24.commit.function_calls                 88                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          19068     83.78%     83.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.01%     83.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     83.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     83.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     83.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     83.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     83.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     83.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     83.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     83.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          3155     13.86%     97.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          534      2.35%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::total           22759                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.bw_lim_events                  58                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu24.rob.rob_reads                      41245                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu24.rob.rob_writes                     47778                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu24.timesIdled                            50                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu24.idleCycles                          8631                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu24.quiesceCycles                      87612                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu24.committedInsts                     21950                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu24.committedOps                       22759                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu24.cpi                             1.215171                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu24.cpi_total                       1.215171                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu24.ipc                             0.822930                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu24.ipc_total                       0.822930                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu24.int_regfile_reads                  31171                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu24.int_regfile_writes                  9938                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu24.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu24.cc_regfile_reads                   80277                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu24.cc_regfile_writes                  31244                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu24.misc_regfile_reads                  5002                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu24.misc_regfile_writes                   73                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu24.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu24.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           4.901824                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu24.dcache.tags.total_refs              3752                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu24.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              24                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu24.dcache.tags.avg_refs          156.333333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu24.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu24.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu24.data     4.901824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu24.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu24.data     0.004787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu24.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.004787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu24.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu24.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu24.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu24.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.023438                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu24.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            7742                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.tags.data_accesses           7742                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu24.data         3254                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          3254                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu24.data          495                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          495                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu24.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu24.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu24.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu24.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_hits::cpu24.data         3749                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_hits::total           3749                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_hits::cpu24.data         3750                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_hits::total          3750                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu24.data           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu24.data           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu24.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu24.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu24.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu24.data           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu24.data           12                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           12                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_misses::cpu24.data           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_misses::total           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_misses::cpu24.data           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_misses::total           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu24.data      5848249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5848249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu24.data      4747750                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4747750                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu24.data       755978                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       755978                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu24.data        36000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        36000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu24.data       332499                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       332499                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu24.data     10595999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     10595999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu24.data     10595999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     10595999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu24.data         3297                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3297                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu24.data          514                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          514                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu24.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu24.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu24.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu24.data           17                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           17                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu24.data           12                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           12                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu24.data         3811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_accesses::total         3811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu24.data         3813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_accesses::total         3813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu24.data     0.013042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu24.data     0.036965                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.036965                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu24.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu24.data     0.941176                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.941176                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu24.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu24.data     0.016269                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016269                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu24.data     0.016522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu24.data 136005.790698                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 136005.790698                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu24.data 249881.578947                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 249881.578947                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu24.data 47248.625000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47248.625000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu24.data         3000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total         3000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu24.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu24.data 170903.209677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170903.209677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu24.data 168190.460317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168190.460317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu24.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          148                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu24.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu24.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu24.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu24.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          148                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu24.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu24.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu24.data           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu24.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu24.data           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu24.data           29                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu24.data           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu24.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu24.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu24.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu24.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu24.data           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu24.data           12                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu24.data           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu24.data           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.data      2619751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2619751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.data      1496750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1496750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.data         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.data       700522                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       700522                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.data        27000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        27000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.data       304501                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       304501                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.data      4116501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4116501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.data      4126001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4126001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu24.data     0.007886                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007886                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu24.data     0.013619                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013619                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu24.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu24.data     0.941176                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.941176                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu24.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu24.data     0.008659                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008659                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu24.data     0.008917                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008917                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.data 100759.653846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100759.653846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.data 213821.428571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 213821.428571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.data         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.data 43782.625000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43782.625000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.data         2250                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         2250                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.data 124742.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 124742.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.data 121352.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121352.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu24.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu24.icache.tags.tagsinuse           9.045519                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu24.icache.tags.total_refs              6618                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu24.icache.tags.sampled_refs              53                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu24.icache.tags.avg_refs          124.867925                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu24.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu24.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu24.inst     9.045519                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu24.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu24.inst     0.017667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu24.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.017667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu24.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu24.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu24.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu24.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.103516                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu24.icache.tags.tag_accesses           13429                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu24.icache.tags.data_accesses          13429                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu24.inst         6618                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          6618                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu24.icache.demand_hits::cpu24.inst         6618                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu24.icache.demand_hits::total           6618                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu24.icache.overall_hits::cpu24.inst         6618                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu24.icache.overall_hits::total          6618                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu24.inst           70                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           70                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu24.icache.demand_misses::cpu24.inst           70                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu24.icache.demand_misses::total           70                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu24.icache.overall_misses::cpu24.inst           70                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu24.icache.overall_misses::total           70                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu24.inst      8742999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8742999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu24.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu24.inst      8742999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu24.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8742999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu24.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu24.inst      8742999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu24.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8742999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu24.inst         6688                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6688                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu24.icache.demand_accesses::cpu24.inst         6688                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu24.icache.demand_accesses::total         6688                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu24.icache.overall_accesses::cpu24.inst         6688                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu24.icache.overall_accesses::total         6688                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu24.inst     0.010467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu24.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu24.inst     0.010467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu24.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu24.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu24.inst     0.010467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu24.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu24.inst 124899.985714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124899.985714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu24.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu24.inst 124899.985714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu24.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124899.985714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu24.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu24.inst 124899.985714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu24.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124899.985714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu24.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2278                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu24.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu24.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              12                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu24.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu24.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   189.833333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu24.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu24.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu24.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu24.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu24.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu24.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu24.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu24.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu24.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu24.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu24.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu24.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu24.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu24.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu24.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu24.inst           53                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu24.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.inst      7152749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7152749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.inst      7152749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7152749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.inst      7152749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7152749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu24.inst     0.007925                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007925                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu24.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu24.inst     0.007925                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu24.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007925                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu24.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu24.inst     0.007925                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu24.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007925                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.inst 134957.528302                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 134957.528302                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.inst 134957.528302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 134957.528302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.inst 134957.528302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 134957.528302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu25.branchPred.lookups                  5254                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu25.branchPred.condPredicted            4858                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu25.branchPred.condIncorrect             113                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu25.branchPred.BTBLookups               2617                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu25.branchPred.BTBHits                  2539                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu25.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu25.branchPred.BTBHitPct           97.019488                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu25.branchPred.usedRAS                   161                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu25.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu25.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu25.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu25.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu25.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu25.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu25.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu25.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu25.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu25.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu25.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu25.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu25.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu25.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu25.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu25.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu25.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu25.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu25.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu25.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu25.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu25.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu25.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu25.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu25.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu25.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu25.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu25.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu25.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu25.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu25.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu25.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu25.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu25.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu25.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu25.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu25.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu25.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu25.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu25.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu25.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu25.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu25.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu25.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu25.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu25.numCycles                          25650                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu25.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu25.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu25.fetch.icacheStallCycles             1386                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu25.fetch.Insts                        21762                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu25.fetch.Branches                      5254                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu25.fetch.predictedBranches             2700                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu25.fetch.Cycles                       14236                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu25.fetch.SquashCycles                   273                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu25.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 53                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu25.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          284                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu25.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          103                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu25.fetch.CacheLines                    5763                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu25.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  29                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu25.fetch.rateDist::samples            16198                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu25.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.441783                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu25.fetch.rateDist::stdev           1.259418                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu25.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu25.fetch.rateDist::0                   4909     30.31%     30.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu25.fetch.rateDist::1                   5163     31.87%     62.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu25.fetch.rateDist::2                    187      1.15%     63.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu25.fetch.rateDist::3                   5939     36.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu25.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu25.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu25.fetch.rateDist::max_value              3                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu25.fetch.rateDist::total              16198                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu25.fetch.branchRate                0.204834                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu25.fetch.rate                      0.848421                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu25.decode.IdleCycles                   1427                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu25.decode.BlockedCycles                4219                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu25.decode.RunCycles                   10307                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu25.decode.UnblockCycles                 136                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu25.decode.SquashCycles                  109                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu25.decode.BranchResolved                164                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu25.decode.BranchMispred                  27                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu25.decode.DecodedInsts                21582                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu25.decode.SquashedInsts                 419                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu25.rename.SquashCycles                  109                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu25.rename.IdleCycles                   1794                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu25.rename.BlockCycles                  2312                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu25.rename.serializeStallCycles         1777                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu25.rename.RunCycles                   10060                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu25.rename.UnblockCycles                 146                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu25.rename.RenamedInsts                21130                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu25.rename.SquashedInsts                 113                       # Number of squashed instructions processed by rename
system.cpu25.rename.ROBFullEvents                 107                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu25.rename.RenamedOperands             36820                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu25.rename.RenameLookups              102257                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu25.rename.int_rename_lookups          28182                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu25.rename.CommittedMaps               35521                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu25.rename.UndoneMaps                   1299                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu25.rename.serializingInsts               29                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu25.rename.tempSerializingInsts           29                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu25.rename.skidInsts                     383                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu25.memDep0.insertedLoads               2984                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu25.memDep0.insertedStores               618                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu25.memDep0.conflictingLoads             175                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu25.memDep0.conflictingStores             99                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu25.iq.iqInstsAdded                    20961                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu25.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                64                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu25.iq.iqInstsIssued                   20779                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu25.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              21                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu25.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          1010                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu25.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined         1912                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu25.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            4                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu25.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        16198                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu25.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.282813                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu25.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      1.118232                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu25.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu25.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              5836     36.03%     36.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu25.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              2551     15.75%     51.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu25.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              5247     32.39%     84.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu25.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              2522     15.57%     99.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu25.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                42      0.26%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu25.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu25.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu25.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu25.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu25.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu25.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu25.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu25.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         16198                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  2847     78.39%     78.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0      0.00%     78.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     78.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0      0.00%     78.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     78.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     78.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     78.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     78.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     78.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     78.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     78.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     78.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     78.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     78.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     78.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     78.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     78.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     78.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     78.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     78.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     78.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     78.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     78.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     78.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     78.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     78.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     78.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     78.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  312      8.59%     86.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 473     13.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               17201     82.78%     82.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.01%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               2993     14.40%     97.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               582      2.80%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::total                20779                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.rate                         0.810097                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu25.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      3632                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu25.iq.fu_busy_rate                 0.174792                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu25.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            61409                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu25.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           22035                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu25.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        20488                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu25.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu25.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu25.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu25.iq.int_alu_accesses                24411                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu25.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu25.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              1                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu25.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu25.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          207                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu25.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu25.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu25.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          136                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu25.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu25.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu25.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           21                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu25.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            2                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu25.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu25.iew.iewSquashCycles                  109                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu25.iew.iewBlockCycles                    46                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu25.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   2                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu25.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             21028                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu25.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu25.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                2984                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu25.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                618                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu25.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               29                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu25.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    2                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu25.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                   0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu25.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu25.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           22                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu25.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           69                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu25.iew.branchMispredicts                 91                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu25.iew.iewExecutedInsts               20599                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu25.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                2941                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu25.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             180                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu25.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu25.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu25.iew.exec_refs                       3498                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu25.iew.exec_branches                   4798                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu25.iew.exec_stores                      557                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu25.iew.exec_rate                   0.803080                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu25.iew.wb_sent                        20519                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu25.iew.wb_count                       20488                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu25.iew.wb_producers                   14278                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu25.iew.wb_consumers                   24362                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu25.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu25.iew.wb_rate                     0.798752                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu25.iew.wb_fanout                   0.586077                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu25.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu25.commit.commitSquashedInsts           829                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu25.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            60                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu25.commit.branchMispredicts              86                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu25.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        16044                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu25.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.247507                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu25.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.739756                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu25.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu25.commit.committed_per_cycle::0         6455     40.23%     40.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu25.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         6808     42.43%     82.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu25.commit.committed_per_cycle::2          272      1.70%     84.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu25.commit.committed_per_cycle::3          166      1.03%     85.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu25.commit.committed_per_cycle::4           60      0.37%     85.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu25.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         1964     12.24%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu25.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          183      1.14%     99.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu25.commit.committed_per_cycle::7           81      0.50%     99.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu25.commit.committed_per_cycle::8           55      0.34%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu25.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu25.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu25.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu25.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        16044                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu25.commit.committedInsts              19276                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu25.commit.committedOps                20015                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu25.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu25.commit.refs                         3259                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu25.commit.loads                        2777                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu25.commit.membars                        31                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu25.commit.branches                     4736                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu25.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu25.commit.int_insts                   15409                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu25.commit.function_calls                 81                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          16754     83.71%     83.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.01%     83.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          2777     13.87%     97.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          482      2.41%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::total           20015                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.bw_lim_events                  55                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu25.rob.rob_reads                      36547                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu25.rob.rob_writes                     41843                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu25.timesIdled                            52                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu25.idleCycles                          9452                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu25.quiesceCycles                      88635                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu25.committedInsts                     19276                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu25.committedOps                       20015                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu25.cpi                             1.330670                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu25.cpi_total                       1.330670                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu25.ipc                             0.751501                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu25.ipc_total                       0.751501                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu25.int_regfile_reads                  27360                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu25.int_regfile_writes                  8740                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu25.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu25.cc_regfile_reads                   70389                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu25.cc_regfile_writes                  27359                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu25.misc_regfile_reads                  4530                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu25.misc_regfile_writes                   27                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu25.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu25.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           4.660984                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu25.dcache.tags.total_refs              3321                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu25.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              24                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu25.dcache.tags.avg_refs          138.375000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu25.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu25.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu25.data     4.660984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu25.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu25.data     0.004552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu25.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.004552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu25.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu25.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu25.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu25.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.023438                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu25.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            6824                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.tags.data_accesses           6824                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu25.data         2864                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          2864                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu25.data          454                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          454                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu25.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu25.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu25.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_hits::cpu25.data         3318                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_hits::total           3318                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_hits::cpu25.data         3319                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_hits::total          3319                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu25.data           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu25.data           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu25.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu25.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu25.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu25.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu25.data            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu25.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu25.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_misses::cpu25.data           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_misses::total           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_misses::cpu25.data           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_misses::total           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu25.data      8318500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8318500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu25.data      7438250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7438250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu25.data       239992                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       239992                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu25.data        50000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        50000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu25.data        27500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        27500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu25.data     15756750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     15756750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu25.data     15756750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     15756750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu25.data         2907                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2907                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu25.data          473                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          473                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu25.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu25.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu25.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu25.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu25.data            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu25.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu25.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu25.data         3380                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_accesses::total         3380                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu25.data         3382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_accesses::total         3382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu25.data     0.014792                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014792                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu25.data     0.040169                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.040169                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu25.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu25.data            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu25.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu25.data     0.018343                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018343                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu25.data     0.018628                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018628                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu25.data 193453.488372                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 193453.488372                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu25.data 391486.842105                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 391486.842105                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu25.data 39998.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39998.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu25.data        12500                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        12500                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu25.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu25.data 254141.129032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 254141.129032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu25.data 250107.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 250107.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu25.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          204                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu25.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu25.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu25.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu25.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          204                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu25.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu25.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu25.data           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu25.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu25.data           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu25.data           29                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu25.data           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu25.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu25.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu25.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu25.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu25.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu25.data            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu25.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu25.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu25.data           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu25.data           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.data      3140750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3140750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.data      2409500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2409500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.data         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.data       220508                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       220508                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.data        41000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        41000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.data        24500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        24500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.data      5550250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5550250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.data      5559750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5559750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu25.data     0.008944                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008944                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu25.data     0.014799                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014799                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu25.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu25.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu25.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu25.data     0.009763                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009763                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu25.data     0.010053                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010053                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.data 120798.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120798.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.data 344214.285714                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344214.285714                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.data         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.data 36751.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36751.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.data        10250                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        10250                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.data 168189.393939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168189.393939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.data 163522.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163522.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu25.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu25.icache.tags.tagsinuse           8.387353                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu25.icache.tags.total_refs              5703                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu25.icache.tags.sampled_refs              51                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu25.icache.tags.avg_refs          111.823529                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu25.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu25.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu25.inst     8.387353                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu25.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu25.inst     0.016382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu25.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.016382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu25.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu25.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu25.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu25.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.099609                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu25.icache.tags.tag_accesses           11575                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu25.icache.tags.data_accesses          11575                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu25.inst         5703                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          5703                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu25.icache.demand_hits::cpu25.inst         5703                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu25.icache.demand_hits::total           5703                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu25.icache.overall_hits::cpu25.inst         5703                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu25.icache.overall_hits::total          5703                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu25.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu25.icache.demand_misses::cpu25.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu25.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu25.icache.overall_misses::cpu25.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu25.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu25.inst      8264499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8264499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu25.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu25.inst      8264499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu25.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8264499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu25.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu25.inst      8264499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu25.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8264499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu25.inst         5762                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5762                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu25.icache.demand_accesses::cpu25.inst         5762                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu25.icache.demand_accesses::total         5762                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu25.icache.overall_accesses::cpu25.inst         5762                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu25.icache.overall_accesses::total         5762                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu25.inst     0.010240                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010240                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu25.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu25.inst     0.010240                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu25.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010240                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu25.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu25.inst     0.010240                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu25.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010240                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu25.inst 140076.254237                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 140076.254237                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu25.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu25.inst 140076.254237                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu25.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 140076.254237                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu25.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu25.inst 140076.254237                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu25.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 140076.254237                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu25.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         3242                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu25.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu25.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              14                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu25.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu25.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   231.571429                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu25.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu25.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu25.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu25.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu25.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu25.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu25.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu25.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu25.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu25.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu25.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu25.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu25.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu25.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu25.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu25.inst           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu25.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.inst      7441249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7441249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.inst      7441249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7441249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.inst      7441249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7441249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu25.inst     0.008851                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008851                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu25.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu25.inst     0.008851                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu25.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008851                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu25.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu25.inst     0.008851                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu25.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008851                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.inst 145906.843137                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 145906.843137                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.inst 145906.843137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 145906.843137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.inst 145906.843137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 145906.843137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu26.branchPred.lookups                  3483                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu26.branchPred.condPredicted            3122                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu26.branchPred.condIncorrect             115                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu26.branchPred.BTBLookups               1723                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu26.branchPred.BTBHits                  1635                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu26.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu26.branchPred.BTBHitPct           94.892629                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu26.branchPred.usedRAS                   128                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu26.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu26.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu26.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu26.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu26.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu26.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu26.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu26.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu26.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu26.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu26.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu26.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu26.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu26.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu26.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu26.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu26.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu26.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu26.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu26.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu26.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu26.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu26.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu26.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu26.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu26.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu26.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu26.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu26.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu26.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu26.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu26.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu26.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu26.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu26.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu26.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu26.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu26.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu26.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu26.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu26.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu26.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu26.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu26.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu26.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu26.numCycles                          25093                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu26.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu26.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu26.fetch.icacheStallCycles             1430                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu26.fetch.Insts                        14633                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu26.fetch.Branches                      3483                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu26.fetch.predictedBranches             1763                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu26.fetch.Cycles                       13332                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu26.fetch.SquashCycles                   261                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu26.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 95                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu26.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          205                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu26.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           58                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu26.fetch.CacheLines                    3940                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu26.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  25                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu26.fetch.rateDist::samples            15250                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu26.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.048590                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu26.fetch.rateDist::stdev           1.255560                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu26.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu26.fetch.rateDist::0                   7582     49.72%     49.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu26.fetch.rateDist::1                   3430     22.49%     72.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu26.fetch.rateDist::2                    153      1.00%     73.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu26.fetch.rateDist::3                   4085     26.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu26.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu26.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu26.fetch.rateDist::max_value              3                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu26.fetch.rateDist::total              15250                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu26.fetch.branchRate                0.138804                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu26.fetch.rate                      0.583151                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu26.decode.IdleCycles                   1430                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu26.decode.BlockedCycles                6773                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu26.decode.RunCycles                    6824                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu26.decode.UnblockCycles                 119                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu26.decode.SquashCycles                  104                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu26.decode.BranchResolved                143                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu26.decode.BranchMispred                  27                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu26.decode.DecodedInsts                14298                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu26.decode.SquashedInsts                 394                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu26.rename.SquashCycles                  104                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu26.rename.IdleCycles                   1768                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu26.rename.BlockCycles                  2653                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu26.rename.serializeStallCycles         3968                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu26.rename.RunCycles                    6596                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu26.rename.UnblockCycles                 161                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu26.rename.RenamedInsts                13870                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu26.rename.SquashedInsts                 119                       # Number of squashed instructions processed by rename
system.cpu26.rename.ROBFullEvents                  70                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu26.rename.SQFullEvents                   49                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu26.rename.RenamedOperands             23746                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu26.rename.RenameLookups               66997                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu26.rename.int_rename_lookups          18348                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu26.rename.CommittedMaps               22516                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu26.rename.UndoneMaps                   1227                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu26.rename.serializingInsts               31                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu26.rename.tempSerializingInsts           31                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu26.rename.skidInsts                     299                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu26.memDep0.insertedLoads               1986                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu26.memDep0.insertedStores               470                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu26.memDep0.conflictingLoads             110                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu26.memDep0.conflictingStores             46                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu26.iq.iqInstsAdded                    13674                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu26.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                68                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu26.iq.iqInstsIssued                   13503                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu26.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              27                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu26.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined           964                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu26.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined         1775                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu26.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu26.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        15250                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu26.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       0.885443                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu26.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      1.098078                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu26.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu26.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              8440     55.34%     55.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu26.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              1813     11.89%     67.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu26.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              3332     21.85%     89.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu26.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              1634     10.71%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu26.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                31      0.20%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu26.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu26.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu26.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu26.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu26.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu26.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu26.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu26.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         15250                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  1787     76.47%     76.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0      0.00%     76.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     76.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0      0.00%     76.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     76.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     76.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     76.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     76.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     76.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     76.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     76.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     76.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     76.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     76.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     76.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     76.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     76.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     76.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     76.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     76.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     76.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     76.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     76.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     76.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     76.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     76.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     76.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     76.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  226      9.67%     86.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 324     13.86%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               11085     82.09%     82.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.02%     82.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     82.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     82.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     82.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     82.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     82.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     82.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     82.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     82.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     82.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     82.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     82.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     82.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     82.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     82.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     82.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     82.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     82.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     82.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     82.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     82.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     82.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     82.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     82.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     82.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               1987     14.72%     96.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               428      3.17%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::total                13503                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.rate                         0.538118                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu26.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      2337                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu26.iq.fu_busy_rate                 0.173073                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu26.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            44619                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu26.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           14706                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu26.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        13253                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu26.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu26.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu26.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu26.iq.int_alu_accesses                15840                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu26.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu26.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu26.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu26.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          194                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu26.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu26.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu26.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          130                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu26.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu26.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu26.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           13                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu26.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            2                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu26.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu26.iew.iewSquashCycles                  104                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu26.iew.iewBlockCycles                    50                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu26.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   2                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu26.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             13744                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu26.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu26.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                1986                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu26.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                470                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu26.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               31                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu26.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    2                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu26.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                   0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu26.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu26.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           14                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu26.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           80                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu26.iew.branchMispredicts                 94                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu26.iew.iewExecutedInsts               13351                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu26.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                1945                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu26.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             151                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu26.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu26.iew.exec_nop                           2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu26.iew.exec_refs                       2348                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu26.iew.exec_branches                   3078                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu26.iew.exec_stores                      403                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu26.iew.exec_rate                   0.532061                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu26.iew.wb_sent                        13276                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu26.iew.wb_count                       13253                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu26.iew.wb_producers                    9118                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu26.iew.wb_consumers                   15489                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu26.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu26.iew.wb_rate                     0.528155                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu26.iew.wb_fanout                   0.588676                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu26.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu26.commit.commitSquashedInsts           787                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu26.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            54                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu26.commit.branchMispredicts              89                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu26.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        15097                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu26.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.846393                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu26.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.537958                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu26.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu26.commit.committed_per_cycle::0         8937     59.20%     59.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu26.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         4360     28.88%     88.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu26.commit.committed_per_cycle::2          208      1.38%     89.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu26.commit.committed_per_cycle::3          112      0.74%     90.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu26.commit.committed_per_cycle::4           46      0.30%     90.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu26.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         1241      8.22%     98.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu26.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          107      0.71%     99.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu26.commit.committed_per_cycle::7           53      0.35%     99.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu26.commit.committed_per_cycle::8           33      0.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu26.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu26.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu26.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu26.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        15097                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu26.commit.committedInsts              12279                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu26.commit.committedOps                12778                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu26.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu26.commit.refs                         2132                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu26.commit.loads                        1792                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu26.commit.membars                        24                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu26.commit.branches                     3009                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu26.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu26.commit.int_insts                    9857                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu26.commit.function_calls                 56                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          10644     83.30%     83.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.02%     83.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     83.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     83.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     83.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     83.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     83.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     83.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     83.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     83.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          1792     14.02%     97.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          340      2.66%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::total           12778                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.bw_lim_events                  33                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu26.rob.rob_reads                      28447                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu26.rob.rob_writes                     27297                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu26.timesIdled                            55                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu26.idleCycles                          9843                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu26.quiesceCycles                      89192                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu26.committedInsts                     12279                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu26.committedOps                       12778                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu26.cpi                             2.043570                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu26.cpi_total                       2.043570                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu26.ipc                             0.489340                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu26.ipc_total                       0.489340                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu26.int_regfile_reads                  17593                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu26.int_regfile_writes                  5773                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu26.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu26.cc_regfile_reads                   45702                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu26.cc_regfile_writes                  17360                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu26.misc_regfile_reads                  3344                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu26.misc_regfile_writes                   67                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu26.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu26.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           4.686524                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu26.dcache.tags.total_refs              2165                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu26.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              24                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu26.dcache.tags.avg_refs           90.208333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu26.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu26.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu26.data     4.686524                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu26.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu26.data     0.004577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu26.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.004577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu26.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu26.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu26.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu26.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.023438                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu26.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            4574                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.tags.data_accesses           4574                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu26.data         1862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          1862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu26.data          300                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          300                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu26.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu26.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu26.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu26.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_hits::cpu26.data         2162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_hits::total           2162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_hits::cpu26.data         2163                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_hits::total          2163                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu26.data           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu26.data           21                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           21                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu26.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu26.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu26.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu26.data           14                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           14                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu26.data           10                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           10                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_misses::cpu26.data           69                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_misses::total           69                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_misses::cpu26.data           70                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_misses::total           70                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu26.data      8319729                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8319729                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu26.data      7619250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7619250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu26.data       694422                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       694422                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu26.data        36999                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        36999                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu26.data       792500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       792500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu26.data     15938979                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     15938979                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu26.data     15938979                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     15938979                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu26.data         1910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu26.data          321                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          321                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu26.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu26.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu26.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu26.data           17                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           17                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu26.data           10                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           10                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu26.data         2231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_accesses::total         2231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu26.data         2233                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2233                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu26.data     0.025131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.025131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu26.data     0.065421                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.065421                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu26.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu26.data     0.823529                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.823529                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu26.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu26.data     0.030928                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.030928                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu26.data     0.031348                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.031348                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu26.data 173327.687500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 173327.687500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu26.data 362821.428571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 362821.428571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu26.data 49601.571429                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49601.571429                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu26.data  3699.900000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  3699.900000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu26.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu26.data 230999.695652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 230999.695652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu26.data 227699.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 227699.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu26.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          254                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu26.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu26.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu26.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu26.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          254                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu26.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu26.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu26.data           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu26.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu26.data           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu26.data           36                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu26.data           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu26.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu26.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu26.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu26.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu26.data           14                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu26.data           10                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu26.data           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu26.data           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.data      3043505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3043505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.data      2487750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2487750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.data         9000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.data       643578                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       643578                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.data        26501                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        26501                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.data       771500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       771500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.data      5531255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5531255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.data      5540255                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5540255                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu26.data     0.013613                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013613                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu26.data     0.021807                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021807                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu26.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu26.data     0.823529                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.823529                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu26.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu26.data     0.014792                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014792                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu26.data     0.015226                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015226                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.data 117057.884615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117057.884615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.data 355392.857143                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 355392.857143                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.data         9000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.data 45969.857143                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45969.857143                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.data  2650.100000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  2650.100000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.data 167613.787879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167613.787879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.data 162948.676471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162948.676471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu26.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu26.icache.tags.tagsinuse           8.087965                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu26.icache.tags.total_refs              3882                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu26.icache.tags.sampled_refs              51                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu26.icache.tags.avg_refs           76.117647                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu26.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu26.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu26.inst     8.087965                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu26.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu26.inst     0.015797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu26.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.015797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu26.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu26.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu26.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu26.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.099609                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu26.icache.tags.tag_accesses            7929                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu26.icache.tags.data_accesses           7929                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu26.inst         3882                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          3882                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu26.icache.demand_hits::cpu26.inst         3882                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu26.icache.demand_hits::total           3882                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu26.icache.overall_hits::cpu26.inst         3882                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu26.icache.overall_hits::total          3882                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu26.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu26.icache.demand_misses::cpu26.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu26.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu26.icache.overall_misses::cpu26.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu26.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu26.inst      7985250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7985250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu26.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu26.inst      7985250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu26.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7985250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu26.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu26.inst      7985250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu26.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7985250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu26.inst         3939                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3939                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu26.icache.demand_accesses::cpu26.inst         3939                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu26.icache.demand_accesses::total         3939                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu26.icache.overall_accesses::cpu26.inst         3939                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu26.icache.overall_accesses::total         3939                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu26.inst     0.014471                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014471                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu26.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu26.inst     0.014471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu26.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu26.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu26.inst     0.014471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu26.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu26.inst 140092.105263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 140092.105263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu26.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu26.inst 140092.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu26.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 140092.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu26.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu26.inst 140092.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu26.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 140092.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu26.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2756                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu26.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu26.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              12                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu26.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu26.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   229.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu26.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu26.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu26.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu26.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu26.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu26.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu26.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu26.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu26.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu26.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu26.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu26.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu26.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu26.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu26.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu26.inst           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu26.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.inst      7326500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7326500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.inst      7326500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7326500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.inst      7326500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7326500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu26.inst     0.012947                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012947                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu26.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu26.inst     0.012947                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu26.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012947                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu26.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu26.inst     0.012947                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu26.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012947                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.inst 143656.862745                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 143656.862745                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.inst 143656.862745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 143656.862745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.inst 143656.862745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 143656.862745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu27.branchPred.lookups                  2956                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu27.branchPred.condPredicted            2643                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu27.branchPred.condIncorrect             104                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu27.branchPred.BTBLookups               1470                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu27.branchPred.BTBHits                  1385                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu27.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu27.branchPred.BTBHitPct           94.217687                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu27.branchPred.usedRAS                   108                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu27.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu27.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu27.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu27.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu27.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu27.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu27.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu27.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu27.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu27.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu27.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu27.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu27.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu27.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu27.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu27.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu27.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu27.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu27.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu27.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu27.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu27.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu27.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu27.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu27.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu27.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu27.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu27.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu27.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu27.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu27.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu27.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu27.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu27.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu27.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu27.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu27.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu27.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu27.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu27.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu27.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu27.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu27.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu27.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu27.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu27.numCycles                          24405                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu27.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu27.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu27.fetch.icacheStallCycles             1341                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu27.fetch.Insts                        12459                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu27.fetch.Branches                      2956                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu27.fetch.predictedBranches             1493                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu27.fetch.Cycles                       13040                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu27.fetch.SquashCycles                   235                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu27.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 23                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu27.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          220                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu27.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           90                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu27.fetch.CacheLines                    3371                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu27.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  26                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu27.fetch.rateDist::samples            14831                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu27.fetch.rateDist::mean            0.916661                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu27.fetch.rateDist::stdev           1.223202                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu27.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu27.fetch.rateDist::0                   8297     55.94%     55.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu27.fetch.rateDist::1                   2940     19.82%     75.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu27.fetch.rateDist::2                    127      0.86%     76.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu27.fetch.rateDist::3                   3467     23.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu27.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu27.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu27.fetch.rateDist::max_value              3                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu27.fetch.rateDist::total              14831                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu27.fetch.branchRate                0.121123                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu27.fetch.rate                      0.510510                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu27.decode.IdleCycles                   1369                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu27.decode.BlockedCycles                7508                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu27.decode.RunCycles                    5730                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu27.decode.UnblockCycles                 133                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu27.decode.SquashCycles                   91                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu27.decode.BranchResolved                123                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu27.decode.BranchMispred                  27                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu27.decode.DecodedInsts                12101                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu27.decode.SquashedInsts                 341                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu27.rename.SquashCycles                   91                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu27.rename.IdleCycles                   1677                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu27.rename.BlockCycles                  2648                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu27.rename.serializeStallCycles         4739                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu27.rename.RunCycles                    5549                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu27.rename.UnblockCycles                 127                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu27.rename.RenamedInsts                11738                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu27.rename.SquashedInsts                  99                       # Number of squashed instructions processed by rename
system.cpu27.rename.ROBFullEvents                  62                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu27.rename.RenamedOperands             20045                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu27.rename.RenameLookups               56651                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu27.rename.int_rename_lookups          15489                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu27.rename.CommittedMaps               19029                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu27.rename.UndoneMaps                   1013                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu27.rename.serializingInsts               45                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu27.rename.tempSerializingInsts           45                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu27.rename.skidInsts                     312                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu27.memDep0.insertedLoads               1682                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu27.memDep0.insertedStores               403                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu27.memDep0.conflictingLoads              95                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu27.memDep0.conflictingStores             43                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu27.iq.iqInstsAdded                    11546                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu27.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                79                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu27.iq.iqInstsIssued                   11430                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu27.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              28                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu27.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined           774                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu27.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined         1442                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu27.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu27.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        14831                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu27.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       0.770683                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu27.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      1.062672                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu27.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu27.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              9025     60.85%     60.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu27.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              1598     10.77%     71.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu27.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              2815     18.98%     90.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu27.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              1370      9.24%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu27.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                23      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu27.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu27.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu27.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu27.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu27.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu27.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu27.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu27.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         14831                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  1507     76.58%     76.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0      0.00%     76.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     76.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0      0.00%     76.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     76.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     76.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     76.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     76.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     76.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     76.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     76.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     76.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     76.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     76.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     76.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     76.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     76.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     76.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     76.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     76.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     76.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     76.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     76.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     76.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     76.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     76.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     76.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     76.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  191      9.71%     86.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 270     13.72%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                9366     81.94%     81.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.03%     81.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     81.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     81.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     81.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     81.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     81.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     81.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     81.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     81.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     81.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     81.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     81.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     81.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     81.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     81.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     81.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     81.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     81.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     81.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     81.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     81.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     81.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     81.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     81.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     81.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               1688     14.77%     96.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               373      3.26%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::total                11430                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.rate                         0.468347                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu27.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      1968                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu27.iq.fu_busy_rate                 0.172178                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu27.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            39686                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu27.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           12399                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu27.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        11218                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu27.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu27.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu27.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu27.iq.int_alu_accesses                13398                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu27.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu27.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              2                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu27.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu27.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          155                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu27.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu27.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu27.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores           88                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu27.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu27.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu27.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           12                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu27.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           11                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu27.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu27.iew.iewSquashCycles                   91                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu27.iew.iewBlockCycles                    37                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu27.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   2                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu27.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             11627                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu27.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu27.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                1682                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu27.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                403                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu27.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               45                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu27.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    2                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu27.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                   0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu27.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu27.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           12                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu27.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           71                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu27.iew.branchMispredicts                 83                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu27.iew.iewExecutedInsts               11307                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu27.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                1656                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu27.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             122                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu27.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu27.iew.exec_nop                           2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu27.iew.exec_refs                       2011                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu27.iew.exec_branches                   2599                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu27.iew.exec_stores                      355                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu27.iew.exec_rate                   0.463307                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu27.iew.wb_sent                        11236                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu27.iew.wb_count                       11218                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu27.iew.wb_producers                    7678                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu27.iew.wb_consumers                   13047                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu27.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu27.iew.wb_rate                     0.459660                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu27.iew.wb_fanout                   0.588488                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu27.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu27.commit.commitSquashedInsts           628                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu27.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            65                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu27.commit.branchMispredicts              78                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu27.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        14704                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu27.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.737962                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu27.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.461547                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu27.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu27.commit.committed_per_cycle::0         9445     64.23%     64.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu27.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         3736     25.41%     89.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu27.commit.committed_per_cycle::2          180      1.22%     90.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu27.commit.committed_per_cycle::3           98      0.67%     91.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu27.commit.committed_per_cycle::4           39      0.27%     91.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu27.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         1038      7.06%     98.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu27.commit.committed_per_cycle::6           93      0.63%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu27.commit.committed_per_cycle::7           43      0.29%     99.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu27.commit.committed_per_cycle::8           32      0.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu27.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu27.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu27.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu27.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        14704                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu27.commit.committedInsts              10419                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu27.commit.committedOps                10851                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu27.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu27.commit.refs                         1842                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu27.commit.loads                        1527                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu27.commit.membars                        21                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu27.commit.branches                     2547                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu27.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu27.commit.int_insts                    8381                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu27.commit.function_calls                 49                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu           9007     83.01%     83.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.02%     83.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     83.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     83.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     83.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     83.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     83.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     83.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     83.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     83.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          1527     14.07%     97.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          315      2.90%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::total           10851                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.bw_lim_events                  32                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu27.rob.rob_reads                      25995                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu27.rob.rob_writes                     23099                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu27.timesIdled                            50                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu27.idleCycles                          9574                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu27.quiesceCycles                      89880                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu27.committedInsts                     10419                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu27.committedOps                       10851                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu27.cpi                             2.342355                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu27.cpi_total                       2.342355                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu27.ipc                             0.426921                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu27.ipc_total                       0.426921                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu27.int_regfile_reads                  14869                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu27.int_regfile_writes                  4904                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu27.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu27.cc_regfile_reads                   38763                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu27.cc_regfile_writes                  14629                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu27.misc_regfile_reads                  3043                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu27.misc_regfile_writes                  140                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu27.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu27.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           4.863922                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu27.dcache.tags.total_refs              1812                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu27.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              26                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu27.dcache.tags.avg_refs           69.692308                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu27.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu27.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu27.data     4.863922                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu27.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu27.data     0.004750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu27.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.004750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu27.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu27.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu27.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu27.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.025391                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu27.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            3895                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.tags.data_accesses           3895                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu27.data         1548                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          1548                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu27.data          261                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          261                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu27.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu27.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu27.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu27.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu27.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu27.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_hits::cpu27.data         1809                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_hits::total           1809                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_hits::cpu27.data         1810                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_hits::total          1810                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu27.data           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu27.data           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu27.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu27.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu27.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu27.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu27.data           32                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu27.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           32                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu27.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_misses::cpu27.data           65                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_misses::total           65                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_misses::cpu27.data           66                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_misses::total           66                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu27.data      7640749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7640749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu27.data      6789500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6789500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu27.data      1484918                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1484918                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu27.data        36000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        36000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu27.data       303000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       303000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu27.data     14430249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     14430249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu27.data     14430249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     14430249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu27.data         1594                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1594                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu27.data          280                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          280                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu27.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu27.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu27.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu27.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu27.data           33                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu27.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           33                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu27.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu27.data         1874                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_accesses::total         1874                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu27.data         1876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu27.data     0.028858                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.028858                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu27.data     0.067857                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.067857                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu27.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu27.data     0.969697                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.969697                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu27.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu27.data     0.034685                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.034685                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu27.data     0.035181                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.035181                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu27.data 166103.239130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166103.239130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu27.data 357342.105263                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 357342.105263                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu27.data 46403.687500                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46403.687500                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu27.data         7200                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total         7200                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu27.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu27.data 222003.830769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 222003.830769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu27.data 218640.136364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 218640.136364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu27.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           72                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu27.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu27.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu27.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu27.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           72                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu27.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu27.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu27.data           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu27.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu27.data           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu27.data           32                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu27.data           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu27.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu27.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu27.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu27.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu27.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu27.data           32                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu27.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu27.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu27.data           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu27.data           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.data      2416751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2416751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.data      2226000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2226000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.data         9000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.data      1369082                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1369082                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.data        27000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        27000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.data       297000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       297000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.data      4642751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4642751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.data      4651751                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4651751                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu27.data     0.016311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu27.data     0.025000                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025000                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu27.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu27.data     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu27.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu27.data     0.017609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu27.data     0.018124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.data 92951.961538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92951.961538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.data       318000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       318000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.data         9000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.data 42783.812500                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42783.812500                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.data         5400                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         5400                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.data 140689.424242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 140689.424242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.data 136816.205882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 136816.205882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu27.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu27.icache.tags.tagsinuse           7.606786                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu27.icache.tags.total_refs              3311                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu27.icache.tags.sampled_refs              49                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu27.icache.tags.avg_refs           67.571429                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu27.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu27.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu27.inst     7.606786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu27.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu27.inst     0.014857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu27.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.014857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu27.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu27.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu27.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu27.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.095703                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu27.icache.tags.tag_accesses            6789                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu27.icache.tags.data_accesses           6789                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu27.inst         3311                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          3311                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu27.icache.demand_hits::cpu27.inst         3311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu27.icache.demand_hits::total           3311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu27.icache.overall_hits::cpu27.inst         3311                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu27.icache.overall_hits::total          3311                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu27.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu27.icache.demand_misses::cpu27.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu27.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu27.icache.overall_misses::cpu27.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu27.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu27.inst      7415249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7415249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu27.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu27.inst      7415249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu27.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7415249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu27.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu27.inst      7415249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu27.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7415249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu27.inst         3370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu27.icache.demand_accesses::cpu27.inst         3370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu27.icache.demand_accesses::total         3370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu27.icache.overall_accesses::cpu27.inst         3370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu27.icache.overall_accesses::total         3370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu27.inst     0.017507                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.017507                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu27.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu27.inst     0.017507                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu27.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017507                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu27.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu27.inst     0.017507                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu27.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017507                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu27.inst 125682.186441                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125682.186441                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu27.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu27.inst 125682.186441                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu27.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125682.186441                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu27.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu27.inst 125682.186441                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu27.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125682.186441                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu27.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2154                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu27.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu27.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              13                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu27.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu27.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   165.692308                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu27.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu27.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu27.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu27.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu27.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu27.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu27.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu27.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu27.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu27.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu27.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu27.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu27.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu27.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu27.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu27.inst           49                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu27.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           49                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.inst      6647749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6647749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.inst      6647749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6647749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.inst      6647749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6647749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu27.inst     0.014540                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014540                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu27.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu27.inst     0.014540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu27.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu27.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu27.inst     0.014540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu27.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.inst 135668.346939                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 135668.346939                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.inst 135668.346939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 135668.346939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.inst 135668.346939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 135668.346939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu28.branchPred.lookups                  4299                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu28.branchPred.condPredicted            3952                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu28.branchPred.condIncorrect             102                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu28.branchPred.BTBLookups               2132                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu28.branchPred.BTBHits                  2054                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu28.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu28.branchPred.BTBHitPct           96.341463                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu28.branchPred.usedRAS                   136                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu28.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu28.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu28.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu28.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu28.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu28.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu28.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu28.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu28.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu28.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu28.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu28.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu28.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu28.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu28.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu28.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu28.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu28.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu28.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu28.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu28.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu28.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu28.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu28.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu28.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu28.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu28.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu28.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu28.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu28.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu28.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu28.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu28.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu28.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu28.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu28.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu28.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu28.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu28.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu28.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu28.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu28.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu28.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu28.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu28.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu28.numCycles                          23852                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu28.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu28.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu28.fetch.icacheStallCycles             1386                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu28.fetch.Insts                        17795                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu28.fetch.Branches                      4299                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu28.fetch.predictedBranches             2190                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu28.fetch.Cycles                       12565                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu28.fetch.SquashCycles                   243                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu28.fetch.MiscStallCycles                110                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu28.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          305                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu28.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           59                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu28.fetch.CacheLines                    4729                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu28.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  30                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu28.fetch.rateDist::samples            14546                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu28.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.313557                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu28.fetch.rateDist::stdev           1.270196                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu28.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu28.fetch.rateDist::0                   5307     36.48%     36.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu28.fetch.rateDist::1                   4232     29.09%     65.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu28.fetch.rateDist::2                    146      1.00%     66.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu28.fetch.rateDist::3                   4861     33.42%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu28.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu28.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu28.fetch.rateDist::max_value              3                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu28.fetch.rateDist::total              14546                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu28.fetch.branchRate                0.180236                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu28.fetch.rate                      0.746059                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu28.decode.IdleCycles                   1406                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu28.decode.BlockedCycles                4532                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu28.decode.RunCycles                    8391                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu28.decode.UnblockCycles                 123                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu28.decode.SquashCycles                   94                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu28.decode.BranchResolved                143                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu28.decode.BranchMispred                  27                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu28.decode.DecodedInsts                17637                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu28.decode.SquashedInsts                 364                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu28.rename.SquashCycles                   94                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu28.rename.IdleCycles                   1728                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu28.rename.BlockCycles                  2754                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu28.rename.serializeStallCycles         1598                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu28.rename.RunCycles                    8177                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu28.rename.UnblockCycles                 195                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu28.rename.RenamedInsts                17259                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu28.rename.SquashedInsts                  92                       # Number of squashed instructions processed by rename
system.cpu28.rename.ROBFullEvents                  94                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu28.rename.SQFullEvents                   67                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu28.rename.RenamedOperands             29979                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu28.rename.RenameLookups               83497                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu28.rename.int_rename_lookups          22973                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu28.rename.CommittedMaps               28773                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu28.rename.UndoneMaps                   1203                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu28.rename.serializingInsts               23                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu28.rename.tempSerializingInsts           23                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu28.rename.skidInsts                     331                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu28.memDep0.insertedLoads               2455                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu28.memDep0.insertedStores               506                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu28.memDep0.conflictingLoads             157                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu28.memDep0.conflictingStores             73                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu28.iq.iqInstsAdded                    17106                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu28.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                53                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu28.iq.iqInstsIssued                   16910                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu28.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              34                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu28.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined           925                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu28.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined         1850                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu28.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            3                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu28.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        14546                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu28.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.162519                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu28.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      1.126810                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu28.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu28.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              6100     41.94%     41.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu28.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              2093     14.39%     56.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu28.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              4275     29.39%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu28.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              2045     14.06%     99.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu28.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                33      0.23%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu28.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu28.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu28.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu28.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu28.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu28.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu28.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu28.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         14546                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  2348     78.69%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  275      9.22%     87.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 361     12.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               13983     82.69%     82.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.02%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               2455     14.52%     97.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               469      2.77%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::total                16910                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.rate                         0.708955                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu28.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      2984                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu28.iq.fu_busy_rate                 0.176464                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu28.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            51383                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu28.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           18084                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu28.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        16650                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu28.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu28.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu28.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu28.iq.int_alu_accesses                19894                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu28.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu28.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              1                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu28.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu28.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          197                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu28.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu28.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu28.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          110                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu28.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu28.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu28.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           18                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu28.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           11                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu28.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu28.iew.iewSquashCycles                   94                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu28.iew.iewBlockCycles                    53                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu28.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   2                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu28.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             17161                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu28.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu28.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                2455                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu28.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                506                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu28.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               23                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu28.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    2                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu28.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                   0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu28.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu28.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           17                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu28.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           63                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu28.iew.branchMispredicts                 80                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu28.iew.iewExecutedInsts               16754                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu28.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                2415                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu28.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             155                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu28.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu28.iew.exec_nop                           2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu28.iew.exec_refs                       2861                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu28.iew.exec_branches                   3898                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu28.iew.exec_stores                      446                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu28.iew.exec_rate                   0.702415                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu28.iew.wb_sent                        16680                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu28.iew.wb_count                       16650                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu28.iew.wb_producers                   11577                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu28.iew.wb_consumers                   19784                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu28.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu28.iew.wb_rate                     0.698055                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu28.iew.wb_fanout                   0.585170                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu28.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu28.commit.commitSquashedInsts           765                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu28.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            50                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu28.commit.branchMispredicts              75                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu28.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        14400                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu28.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.127361                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu28.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.695486                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu28.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu28.commit.committed_per_cycle::0         6634     46.07%     46.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu28.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         5497     38.17%     84.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu28.commit.committed_per_cycle::2          233      1.62%     85.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu28.commit.committed_per_cycle::3          141      0.98%     86.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu28.commit.committed_per_cycle::4           50      0.35%     87.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu28.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         1580     10.97%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu28.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          158      1.10%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu28.commit.committed_per_cycle::7           56      0.39%     99.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu28.commit.committed_per_cycle::8           51      0.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu28.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu28.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu28.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu28.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        14400                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu28.commit.committedInsts              15628                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu28.commit.committedOps                16234                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu28.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu28.commit.refs                         2654                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu28.commit.loads                        2258                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu28.commit.membars                        27                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu28.commit.branches                     3838                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu28.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu28.commit.int_insts                   12503                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu28.commit.function_calls                 67                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          13578     83.64%     83.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.01%     83.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          2258     13.91%     97.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          396      2.44%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::total           16234                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.bw_lim_events                  51                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu28.rob.rob_reads                      31114                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu28.rob.rob_writes                     34158                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu28.timesIdled                            52                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu28.idleCycles                          9306                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu28.quiesceCycles                      90433                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu28.committedInsts                     15628                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu28.committedOps                       16234                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu28.cpi                             1.526235                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu28.cpi_total                       1.526235                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu28.ipc                             0.655207                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu28.ipc_total                       0.655207                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu28.int_regfile_reads                  22209                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu28.int_regfile_writes                  7151                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu28.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu28.cc_regfile_reads                   57291                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu28.cc_regfile_writes                  22189                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu28.misc_regfile_reads                  3894                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu28.misc_regfile_writes                   23                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu28.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu28.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           4.398653                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu28.dcache.tags.total_refs              2703                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu28.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              24                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu28.dcache.tags.avg_refs          112.625000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu28.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu28.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu28.data     4.398653                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu28.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu28.data     0.004296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu28.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.004296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu28.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu28.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu28.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu28.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.023438                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu28.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            5588                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.tags.data_accesses           5588                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu28.data         2333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          2333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu28.data          367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu28.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu28.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu28.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_hits::cpu28.data         2700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_hits::total           2700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_hits::cpu28.data         2701                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_hits::total          2701                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu28.data           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu28.data           21                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           21                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu28.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu28.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu28.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu28.data            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu28.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_misses::cpu28.data           65                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_misses::total           65                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_misses::cpu28.data           66                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_misses::total           66                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu28.data      6755997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6755997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu28.data      7309750                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7309750                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu28.data       259000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       259000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu28.data        36000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        36000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu28.data     14065747                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     14065747                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu28.data     14065747                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     14065747                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu28.data         2377                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2377                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu28.data          388                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          388                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu28.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu28.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu28.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu28.data            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu28.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu28.data         2765                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_accesses::total         2765                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu28.data         2767                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2767                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu28.data     0.018511                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.018511                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu28.data     0.054124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.054124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu28.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu28.data            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu28.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu28.data     0.023508                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.023508                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu28.data     0.023853                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.023853                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu28.data 153545.386364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 153545.386364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu28.data 348083.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 348083.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu28.data        51800                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        51800                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu28.data        12000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        12000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu28.data 216396.107692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 216396.107692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu28.data 213117.378788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 213117.378788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu28.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          102                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu28.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu28.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu28.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu28.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          102                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu28.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu28.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu28.data           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu28.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu28.data           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu28.data           32                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu28.data           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu28.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu28.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu28.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu28.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu28.data            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu28.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu28.data           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu28.data           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.data      2153251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2153251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.data      2427250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2427250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.data         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.data       243500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       243500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.data        27000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        27000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.data      4580501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4580501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.data      4590001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4590001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu28.data     0.010938                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010938                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu28.data     0.018041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu28.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu28.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu28.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu28.data     0.011935                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011935                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu28.data     0.012288                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012288                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.data 82817.346154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82817.346154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.data       346750                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       346750                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.data         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.data        48700                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        48700                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.data         9000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.data 138803.060606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 138803.060606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.data 135000.029412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 135000.029412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu28.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu28.icache.tags.tagsinuse           7.570369                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu28.icache.tags.total_refs              4665                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu28.icache.tags.sampled_refs              52                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu28.icache.tags.avg_refs           89.711538                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu28.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu28.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu28.inst     7.570369                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu28.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu28.inst     0.014786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu28.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.014786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu28.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu28.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu28.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu28.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.101562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu28.icache.tags.tag_accesses            9506                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu28.icache.tags.data_accesses           9506                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu28.inst         4665                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          4665                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu28.icache.demand_hits::cpu28.inst         4665                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu28.icache.demand_hits::total           4665                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu28.icache.overall_hits::cpu28.inst         4665                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu28.icache.overall_hits::total          4665                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu28.inst           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu28.icache.demand_misses::cpu28.inst           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu28.icache.demand_misses::total           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu28.icache.overall_misses::cpu28.inst           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu28.icache.overall_misses::total           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu28.inst      7969499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7969499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu28.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu28.inst      7969499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu28.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7969499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu28.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu28.inst      7969499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu28.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7969499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu28.inst         4727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu28.icache.demand_accesses::cpu28.inst         4727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu28.icache.demand_accesses::total         4727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu28.icache.overall_accesses::cpu28.inst         4727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu28.icache.overall_accesses::total         4727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu28.inst     0.013116                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013116                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu28.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu28.inst     0.013116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu28.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu28.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu28.inst     0.013116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu28.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu28.inst 128540.306452                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128540.306452                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu28.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu28.inst 128540.306452                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu28.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 128540.306452                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu28.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu28.inst 128540.306452                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu28.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 128540.306452                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu28.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         3140                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu28.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu28.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              13                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu28.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu28.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   241.538462                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu28.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu28.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu28.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu28.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu28.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu28.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu28.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu28.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu28.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu28.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu28.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu28.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu28.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu28.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu28.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu28.inst           52                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu28.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.inst      7320249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7320249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.inst      7320249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7320249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.inst      7320249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7320249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu28.inst     0.011001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu28.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu28.inst     0.011001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu28.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu28.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu28.inst     0.011001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu28.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.inst 140774.019231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 140774.019231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.inst 140774.019231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 140774.019231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.inst 140774.019231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 140774.019231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu29.branchPred.lookups                  3610                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu29.branchPred.condPredicted            3289                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu29.branchPred.condIncorrect              98                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu29.branchPred.BTBLookups               1784                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu29.branchPred.BTBHits                  1700                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu29.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu29.branchPred.BTBHitPct           95.291480                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu29.branchPred.usedRAS                   122                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu29.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu29.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu29.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu29.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu29.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu29.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu29.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu29.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu29.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu29.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu29.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu29.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu29.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu29.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu29.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu29.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu29.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu29.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu29.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu29.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu29.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu29.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu29.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu29.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu29.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu29.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu29.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu29.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu29.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu29.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu29.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu29.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu29.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu29.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu29.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu29.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu29.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu29.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu29.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu29.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu29.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu29.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu29.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu29.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu29.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu29.numCycles                          23082                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu29.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu29.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu29.fetch.icacheStallCycles             1747                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu29.fetch.Insts                        15078                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu29.fetch.Branches                      3610                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu29.fetch.predictedBranches             1822                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu29.fetch.Cycles                       11472                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu29.fetch.SquashCycles                   231                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu29.fetch.MiscStallCycles                294                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu29.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          225                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu29.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           42                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu29.fetch.CacheLines                    4018                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu29.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  22                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu29.fetch.rateDist::samples            13895                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu29.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.175603                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu29.fetch.rateDist::stdev           1.269374                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu29.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu29.fetch.rateDist::0                   6021     43.33%     43.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu29.fetch.rateDist::1                   3580     25.76%     69.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu29.fetch.rateDist::2                    127      0.91%     70.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu29.fetch.rateDist::3                   4167     29.99%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu29.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu29.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu29.fetch.rateDist::max_value              3                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu29.fetch.rateDist::total              13895                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu29.fetch.branchRate                0.156399                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu29.fetch.rate                      0.653236                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu29.decode.IdleCycles                   1600                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu29.decode.BlockedCycles                5019                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu29.decode.RunCycles                    7081                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu29.decode.UnblockCycles                 108                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu29.decode.SquashCycles                   87                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu29.decode.BranchResolved                131                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu29.decode.BranchMispred                  28                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu29.decode.DecodedInsts                14887                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu29.decode.SquashedInsts                 355                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu29.rename.SquashCycles                   87                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu29.rename.IdleCycles                   1906                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu29.rename.BlockCycles                  2890                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu29.rename.serializeStallCycles         2030                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu29.rename.RunCycles                    6873                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu29.rename.UnblockCycles                 109                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu29.rename.RenamedInsts                14526                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu29.rename.SquashedInsts                  88                       # Number of squashed instructions processed by rename
system.cpu29.rename.ROBFullEvents                  84                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu29.rename.RenamedOperands             25048                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu29.rename.RenameLookups               70249                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu29.rename.int_rename_lookups          19295                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu29.rename.CommittedMaps               23955                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu29.rename.UndoneMaps                   1092                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu29.rename.serializingInsts               22                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu29.rename.tempSerializingInsts           22                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu29.rename.skidInsts                     291                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu29.memDep0.insertedLoads               2086                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu29.memDep0.insertedStores               450                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu29.memDep0.conflictingLoads             137                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu29.memDep0.conflictingStores             64                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu29.iq.iqInstsAdded                    14370                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu29.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                51                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu29.iq.iqInstsIssued                   14198                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu29.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              33                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu29.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined           852                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu29.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined         1606                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu29.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            4                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu29.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        13895                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu29.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.021806                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu29.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      1.122496                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu29.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu29.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              6805     48.97%     48.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu29.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              1754     12.62%     61.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu29.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              3592     25.85%     87.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu29.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              1716     12.35%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu29.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                28      0.20%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu29.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu29.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu29.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu29.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu29.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu29.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu29.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu29.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         13895                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  1967     77.87%     77.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0      0.00%     77.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     77.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0      0.00%     77.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     77.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     77.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     77.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     77.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     77.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     77.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     77.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     77.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     77.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     77.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     77.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     77.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     77.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     77.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     77.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     77.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     77.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     77.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     77.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     77.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     77.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     77.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     77.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     77.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  242      9.58%     87.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 317     12.55%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               11697     82.38%     82.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.02%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               2076     14.62%     97.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               422      2.97%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::total                14198                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.rate                         0.615111                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu29.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      2526                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu29.iq.fu_busy_rate                 0.177912                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu29.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            44847                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu29.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           15273                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu29.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        13966                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu29.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu29.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu29.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu29.iq.int_alu_accesses                16724                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu29.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu29.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              1                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu29.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu29.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          188                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu29.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu29.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu29.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores           97                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu29.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu29.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu29.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           15                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu29.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            2                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu29.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu29.iew.iewSquashCycles                   87                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu29.iew.iewBlockCycles                    54                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu29.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   2                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu29.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             14423                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu29.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu29.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                2086                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu29.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                450                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu29.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               22                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu29.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    2                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu29.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                   0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu29.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu29.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           14                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu29.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           60                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu29.iew.branchMispredicts                 74                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu29.iew.iewExecutedInsts               14056                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu29.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                2040                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu29.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             139                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu29.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu29.iew.exec_nop                           2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu29.iew.exec_refs                       2446                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu29.iew.exec_branches                   3246                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu29.iew.exec_stores                      406                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu29.iew.exec_rate                   0.608959                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu29.iew.wb_sent                        13989                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu29.iew.wb_count                       13966                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu29.iew.wb_producers                    9643                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu29.iew.wb_consumers                   16492                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu29.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu29.iew.wb_rate                     0.605060                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu29.iew.wb_fanout                   0.584708                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu29.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu29.commit.commitSquashedInsts           719                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu29.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            47                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu29.commit.branchMispredicts              70                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu29.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        13755                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu29.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.986478                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu29.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.625768                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu29.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu29.commit.committed_per_cycle::0         7256     52.75%     52.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu29.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         4591     33.38%     86.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu29.commit.committed_per_cycle::2          204      1.48%     87.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu29.commit.committed_per_cycle::3          126      0.92%     88.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu29.commit.committed_per_cycle::4           46      0.33%     88.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu29.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         1310      9.52%     98.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu29.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          137      1.00%     99.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu29.commit.committed_per_cycle::7           44      0.32%     99.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu29.commit.committed_per_cycle::8           41      0.30%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu29.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu29.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu29.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu29.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        13755                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu29.commit.committedInsts              13037                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu29.commit.committedOps                13569                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu29.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu29.commit.refs                         2251                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu29.commit.loads                        1898                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu29.commit.membars                        25                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu29.commit.branches                     3195                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu29.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu29.commit.int_insts                   10467                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu29.commit.function_calls                 59                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          11316     83.40%     83.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.01%     83.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     83.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     83.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     83.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     83.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     83.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     83.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     83.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     83.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          1898     13.99%     97.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          353      2.60%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::total           13569                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.bw_lim_events                  41                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu29.rob.rob_reads                      27794                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu29.rob.rob_writes                     28728                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu29.timesIdled                            52                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu29.idleCycles                          9187                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu29.quiesceCycles                      91203                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu29.committedInsts                     13037                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu29.committedOps                       13569                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu29.cpi                             1.770499                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu29.cpi_total                       1.770499                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu29.ipc                             0.564812                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu29.ipc_total                       0.564812                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu29.int_regfile_reads                  18587                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu29.int_regfile_writes                  6058                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu29.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu29.cc_regfile_reads                   48096                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu29.cc_regfile_writes                  18420                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu29.misc_regfile_reads                  3467                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu29.misc_regfile_writes                   24                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu29.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu29.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           4.413073                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu29.dcache.tags.total_refs              2300                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu29.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              27                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu29.dcache.tags.avg_refs           85.185185                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu29.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu29.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu29.data     4.413073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu29.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu29.data     0.004310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu29.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.004310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu29.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu29.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu29.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu29.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.026367                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu29.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            4777                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.tags.data_accesses           4777                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu29.data         1971                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          1971                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu29.data          324                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          324                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu29.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu29.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu29.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_hits::cpu29.data         2295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_hits::total           2295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_hits::cpu29.data         2296                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_hits::total          2296                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu29.data           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu29.data           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu29.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu29.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu29.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu29.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu29.data            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu29.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu29.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_misses::cpu29.data           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_misses::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_misses::cpu29.data           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_misses::total           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu29.data      6657499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6657499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu29.data      6889000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6889000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu29.data       319488                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       319488                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu29.data        36000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        36000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu29.data        19500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        19500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu29.data     13546499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     13546499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu29.data     13546499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     13546499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu29.data         2012                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2012                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu29.data          344                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          344                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu29.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu29.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu29.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu29.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu29.data            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu29.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu29.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu29.data         2356                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_accesses::total         2356                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu29.data         2358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu29.data     0.020378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.020378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu29.data     0.058140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.058140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu29.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu29.data            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu29.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu29.data     0.025891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.025891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu29.data     0.026293                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.026293                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu29.data 162378.024390                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162378.024390                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu29.data       344450                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total       344450                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu29.data        53248                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        53248                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu29.data         9000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total         9000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu29.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu29.data 222073.754098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 222073.754098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu29.data 218491.919355                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 218491.919355                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu29.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          149                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu29.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu29.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu29.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu29.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          149                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu29.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu29.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu29.data           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu29.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu29.data           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu29.data           26                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu29.data           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu29.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu29.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu29.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu29.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu29.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu29.data            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu29.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu29.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu29.data           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu29.data           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.data      2081251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2081251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.data      2254250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2254250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.data         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.data       299512                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       299512                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.data        27000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        27000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.data        16500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        16500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.data      4335501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4335501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.data      4345001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4345001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu29.data     0.013419                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013419                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu29.data     0.023256                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023256                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu29.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu29.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu29.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu29.data     0.014856                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014856                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu29.data     0.015267                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015267                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.data 77083.370370                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77083.370370                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.data 281781.250000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 281781.250000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.data         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.data 49918.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49918.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.data         6750                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         6750                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.data 123871.457143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 123871.457143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.data 120694.472222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120694.472222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu29.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu29.icache.tags.tagsinuse           7.299607                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu29.icache.tags.total_refs              3960                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu29.icache.tags.sampled_refs              52                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu29.icache.tags.avg_refs           76.153846                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu29.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu29.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu29.inst     7.299607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu29.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu29.inst     0.014257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu29.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.014257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu29.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu29.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu29.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu29.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.101562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu29.icache.tags.tag_accesses            8086                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu29.icache.tags.data_accesses           8086                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu29.inst         3960                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          3960                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu29.icache.demand_hits::cpu29.inst         3960                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu29.icache.demand_hits::total           3960                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu29.icache.overall_hits::cpu29.inst         3960                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu29.icache.overall_hits::total          3960                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu29.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu29.icache.demand_misses::cpu29.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu29.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu29.icache.overall_misses::cpu29.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu29.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu29.inst      7604000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7604000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu29.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu29.inst      7604000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu29.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7604000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu29.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu29.inst      7604000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu29.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7604000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu29.inst         4017                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4017                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu29.icache.demand_accesses::cpu29.inst         4017                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu29.icache.demand_accesses::total         4017                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu29.icache.overall_accesses::cpu29.inst         4017                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu29.icache.overall_accesses::total         4017                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu29.inst     0.014190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu29.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu29.inst     0.014190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu29.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu29.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu29.inst     0.014190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu29.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu29.inst 133403.508772                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 133403.508772                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu29.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu29.inst 133403.508772                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu29.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 133403.508772                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu29.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu29.inst 133403.508772                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu29.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 133403.508772                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu29.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2546                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu29.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu29.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              13                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu29.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu29.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   195.846154                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu29.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu29.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu29.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu29.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu29.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu29.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu29.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu29.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu29.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu29.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu29.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu29.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu29.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu29.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu29.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu29.inst           52                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu29.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.inst      6983750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6983750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.inst      6983750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6983750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.inst      6983750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6983750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu29.inst     0.012945                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012945                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu29.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu29.inst     0.012945                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu29.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012945                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu29.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu29.inst     0.012945                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu29.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012945                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.inst 134302.884615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 134302.884615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.inst 134302.884615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 134302.884615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.inst 134302.884615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 134302.884615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu30.branchPred.lookups                  2580                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu30.branchPred.condPredicted            2261                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu30.branchPred.condIncorrect             107                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu30.branchPred.BTBLookups               1273                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu30.branchPred.BTBHits                  1188                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu30.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu30.branchPred.BTBHitPct           93.322859                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu30.branchPred.usedRAS                   106                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu30.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu30.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu30.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu30.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu30.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu30.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu30.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu30.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu30.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu30.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu30.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu30.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu30.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu30.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu30.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu30.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu30.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu30.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu30.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu30.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu30.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu30.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu30.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu30.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu30.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu30.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu30.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu30.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu30.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu30.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu30.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu30.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu30.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu30.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu30.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu30.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu30.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu30.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu30.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu30.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu30.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu30.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu30.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu30.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu30.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu30.numCycles                          22486                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu30.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu30.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu30.fetch.icacheStallCycles             1324                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu30.fetch.Insts                        10971                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu30.fetch.Branches                      2580                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu30.fetch.predictedBranches             1294                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu30.fetch.Cycles                       12457                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu30.fetch.SquashCycles                   237                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu30.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 19                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu30.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          173                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu30.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          102                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu30.fetch.CacheLines                    3007                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu30.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  29                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu30.fetch.rateDist::samples            14193                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu30.fetch.rateDist::mean            0.855422                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu30.fetch.rateDist::stdev           1.206642                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu30.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu30.fetch.rateDist::0                   8397     59.16%     59.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu30.fetch.rateDist::1                   2560     18.04%     77.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu30.fetch.rateDist::2                    127      0.89%     78.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu30.fetch.rateDist::3                   3109     21.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu30.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu30.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu30.fetch.rateDist::max_value              3                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu30.fetch.rateDist::total              14193                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu30.fetch.branchRate                0.114738                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu30.fetch.rate                      0.487904                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu30.decode.IdleCycles                   1207                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu30.decode.BlockedCycles                7734                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu30.decode.RunCycles                    5039                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu30.decode.UnblockCycles                 121                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu30.decode.SquashCycles                   92                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu30.decode.BranchResolved                125                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu30.decode.BranchMispred                  27                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu30.decode.DecodedInsts                10684                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu30.decode.SquashedInsts                 345                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu30.rename.SquashCycles                   92                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu30.rename.IdleCycles                   1516                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu30.rename.BlockCycles                  3171                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu30.rename.serializeStallCycles         4434                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu30.rename.RunCycles                    4846                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu30.rename.UnblockCycles                 134                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu30.rename.RenamedInsts                10311                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu30.rename.SquashedInsts                 109                       # Number of squashed instructions processed by rename
system.cpu30.rename.ROBFullEvents                  52                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu30.rename.SQFullEvents                   26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu30.rename.RenamedOperands             17283                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu30.rename.RenameLookups               49772                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu30.rename.int_rename_lookups          13563                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu30.rename.CommittedMaps               16148                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu30.rename.UndoneMaps                   1131                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu30.rename.serializingInsts               39                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu30.rename.tempSerializingInsts           39                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu30.rename.skidInsts                     279                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu30.memDep0.insertedLoads               1496                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu30.memDep0.insertedStores               419                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu30.memDep0.conflictingLoads              92                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu30.memDep0.conflictingStores             37                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu30.iq.iqInstsAdded                    10100                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu30.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                73                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu30.iq.iqInstsIssued                    9939                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu30.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              39                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu30.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined           928                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu30.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined         1703                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu30.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu30.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        14193                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu30.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       0.700275                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu30.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      1.037521                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu30.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu30.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              9142     64.41%     64.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu30.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              1400      9.86%     74.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu30.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              2438     17.18%     91.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu30.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              1189      8.38%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu30.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                24      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu30.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu30.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu30.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu30.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu30.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu30.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu30.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu30.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         14193                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  1310     75.11%     75.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0      0.00%     75.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     75.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0      0.00%     75.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     75.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     75.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     75.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     75.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     75.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     75.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     75.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     75.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     75.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     75.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     75.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     75.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     75.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     75.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     75.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     75.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     75.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     75.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     75.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     75.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     75.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     75.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     75.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     75.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  186     10.67%     85.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 248     14.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                8079     81.29%     81.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.03%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               1488     14.97%     96.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               369      3.71%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::total                 9939                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.rate                         0.442008                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu30.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      1744                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu30.iq.fu_busy_rate                 0.175470                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu30.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            35852                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu30.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           11101                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu30.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         9705                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu30.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu30.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu30.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu30.iq.int_alu_accesses                11683                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu30.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu30.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu30.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu30.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          186                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu30.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu30.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu30.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          139                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu30.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu30.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu30.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           10                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu30.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            2                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu30.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu30.iew.iewSquashCycles                   92                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu30.iew.iewBlockCycles                    63                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu30.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   2                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu30.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             10175                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu30.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu30.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                1496                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu30.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                419                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu30.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               39                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu30.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    2                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu30.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                   0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu30.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu30.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           10                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu30.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           77                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu30.iew.branchMispredicts                 87                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu30.iew.iewExecutedInsts                9791                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu30.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                1458                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu30.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             146                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu30.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu30.iew.exec_nop                           2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu30.iew.exec_refs                       1796                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu30.iew.exec_branches                   2227                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu30.iew.exec_stores                      338                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu30.iew.exec_rate                   0.435426                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu30.iew.wb_sent                         9730                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu30.iew.wb_count                        9705                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu30.iew.wb_producers                    6581                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu30.iew.wb_consumers                   11163                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu30.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu30.iew.wb_rate                     0.431602                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu30.iew.wb_fanout                   0.589537                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu30.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu30.commit.commitSquashedInsts           783                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu30.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            58                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu30.commit.branchMispredicts              81                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu30.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        14039                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu30.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.658523                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu30.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.394455                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu30.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu30.commit.committed_per_cycle::0         9545     67.99%     67.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu30.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         3183     22.67%     90.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu30.commit.committed_per_cycle::2          172      1.23%     91.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu30.commit.committed_per_cycle::3           82      0.58%     92.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu30.commit.committed_per_cycle::4           39      0.28%     92.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu30.commit.committed_per_cycle::5          874      6.23%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu30.commit.committed_per_cycle::6           88      0.63%     99.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu30.commit.committed_per_cycle::7           30      0.21%     99.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu30.commit.committed_per_cycle::8           26      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu30.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu30.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu30.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu30.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        14039                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu30.commit.committedInsts               8862                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu30.commit.committedOps                 9245                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu30.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu30.commit.refs                         1590                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu30.commit.loads                        1310                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu30.commit.membars                        20                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu30.commit.branches                     2164                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu30.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu30.commit.int_insts                    7149                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu30.commit.function_calls                 44                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu           7653     82.78%     82.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.02%     82.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     82.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     82.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     82.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     82.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     82.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     82.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     82.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     82.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     82.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     82.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     82.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     82.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     82.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     82.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     82.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     82.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     82.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     82.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     82.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     82.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     82.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     82.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     82.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     82.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     82.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          1310     14.17%     96.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          280      3.03%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::total            9245                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.bw_lim_events                  26                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu30.rob.rob_reads                      23911                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu30.rob.rob_writes                     20224                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu30.timesIdled                            50                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu30.idleCycles                          8293                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu30.quiesceCycles                      91799                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu30.committedInsts                      8862                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu30.committedOps                        9245                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu30.cpi                             2.537350                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu30.cpi_total                       2.537350                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu30.ipc                             0.394112                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu30.ipc_total                       0.394112                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu30.int_regfile_reads                  12803                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu30.int_regfile_writes                  4338                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu30.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu30.cc_regfile_reads                   33639                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu30.cc_regfile_writes                  12451                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu30.misc_regfile_reads                  2823                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu30.misc_regfile_writes                  121                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu30.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu30.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           3.819949                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu30.dcache.tags.total_refs              1600                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu30.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              23                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu30.dcache.tags.avg_refs           69.565217                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu30.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu30.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu30.data     3.819949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu30.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu30.data     0.003730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu30.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.003730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu30.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu30.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu30.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu30.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.022461                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu30.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            3465                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.tags.data_accesses           3465                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu30.data         1369                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          1369                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu30.data          228                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          228                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu30.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu30.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu30.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu30.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_hits::cpu30.data         1597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_hits::total           1597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_hits::cpu30.data         1598                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_hits::total          1598                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu30.data           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu30.data           21                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           21                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu30.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu30.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu30.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu30.data           26                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           26                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu30.data            8                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            8                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_misses::cpu30.data           65                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_misses::total           65                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_misses::cpu30.data           66                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_misses::total           66                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu30.data      8124000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8124000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu30.data      6249750                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6249750                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu30.data      1094900                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1094900                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu30.data        36000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        36000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu30.data       641500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       641500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu30.data     14373750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     14373750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu30.data     14373750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     14373750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu30.data         1413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu30.data          249                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          249                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu30.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu30.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu30.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu30.data           29                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           29                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu30.data            8                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            8                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu30.data         1662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_accesses::total         1662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu30.data         1664                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1664                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu30.data     0.031139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.031139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu30.data     0.084337                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.084337                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu30.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu30.data     0.896552                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.896552                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu30.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu30.data     0.039110                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.039110                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu30.data     0.039663                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.039663                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu30.data 184636.363636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 184636.363636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu30.data 297607.142857                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 297607.142857                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu30.data 42111.538462                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42111.538462                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu30.data         4500                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total         4500                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu30.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu30.data 221134.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 221134.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu30.data 217784.090909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 217784.090909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu30.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          149                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu30.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu30.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu30.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu30.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          149                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu30.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu30.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu30.data           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu30.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu30.data           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu30.data           33                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu30.data           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu30.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu30.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu30.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu30.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu30.data           26                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu30.data            8                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu30.data           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu30.data           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.data      2961500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2961500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.data      2004500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2004500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.data         9000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.data      1000600                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1000600                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.data        27000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        27000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.data       626500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       626500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.data      4966000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4966000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.data      4975000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4975000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu30.data     0.017693                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017693                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu30.data     0.028112                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028112                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu30.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu30.data     0.896552                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.896552                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu30.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu30.data     0.019254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu30.data     0.019832                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019832                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.data       118460                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       118460                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.data 286357.142857                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 286357.142857                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.data         9000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.data 38484.615385                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38484.615385                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.data         3375                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         3375                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.data 155187.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155187.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.data 150757.575758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 150757.575758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu30.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu30.icache.tags.tagsinuse           6.897385                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu30.icache.tags.total_refs              2945                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu30.icache.tags.sampled_refs              51                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu30.icache.tags.avg_refs           57.745098                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu30.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu30.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu30.inst     6.897385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu30.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu30.inst     0.013471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu30.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.013471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu30.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu30.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu30.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu30.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.099609                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu30.icache.tags.tag_accesses            6063                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu30.icache.tags.data_accesses           6063                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu30.inst         2945                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          2945                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu30.icache.demand_hits::cpu30.inst         2945                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu30.icache.demand_hits::total           2945                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu30.icache.overall_hits::cpu30.inst         2945                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu30.icache.overall_hits::total          2945                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu30.inst           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu30.icache.demand_misses::cpu30.inst           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu30.icache.demand_misses::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu30.icache.overall_misses::cpu30.inst           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu30.icache.overall_misses::total           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu30.inst      9444498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9444498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu30.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu30.inst      9444498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu30.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9444498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu30.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu30.inst      9444498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu30.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9444498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu30.inst         3006                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3006                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu30.icache.demand_accesses::cpu30.inst         3006                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu30.icache.demand_accesses::total         3006                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu30.icache.overall_accesses::cpu30.inst         3006                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu30.icache.overall_accesses::total         3006                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu30.inst     0.020293                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.020293                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu30.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu30.inst     0.020293                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu30.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020293                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu30.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu30.inst     0.020293                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu30.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020293                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu30.inst 154827.836066                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154827.836066                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu30.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu30.inst 154827.836066                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu30.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154827.836066                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu30.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu30.inst 154827.836066                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu30.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154827.836066                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu30.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         3223                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu30.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu30.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              17                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu30.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu30.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   189.588235                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu30.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu30.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu30.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu30.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu30.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu30.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu30.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu30.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu30.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu30.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu30.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu30.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu30.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu30.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu30.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu30.inst           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu30.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.inst      7608498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7608498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.inst      7608498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7608498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.inst      7608498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7608498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu30.inst     0.016966                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016966                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu30.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu30.inst     0.016966                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu30.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016966                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu30.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu30.inst     0.016966                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu30.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016966                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.inst 149186.235294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 149186.235294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.inst 149186.235294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 149186.235294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.inst 149186.235294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 149186.235294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu31.branchPred.lookups                  2404                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu31.branchPred.condPredicted            2100                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu31.branchPred.condIncorrect             104                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu31.branchPred.BTBLookups               1176                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu31.branchPred.BTBHits                  1090                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu31.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu31.branchPred.BTBHitPct           92.687075                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu31.branchPred.usedRAS                   106                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu31.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu31.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu31.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu31.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu31.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu31.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu31.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu31.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu31.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu31.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu31.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu31.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu31.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu31.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu31.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu31.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu31.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu31.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu31.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu31.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu31.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu31.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu31.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu31.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu31.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu31.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu31.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu31.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu31.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu31.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu31.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu31.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu31.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu31.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu31.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu31.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu31.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu31.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu31.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu31.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu31.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu31.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu31.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu31.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu31.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu31.numCycles                          22138                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu31.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu31.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu31.fetch.icacheStallCycles             2509                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu31.fetch.Insts                        10325                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu31.fetch.Branches                      2404                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu31.fetch.predictedBranches             1196                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu31.fetch.Cycles                       11183                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu31.fetch.SquashCycles                   235                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu31.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  4                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu31.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          789                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu31.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           40                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu31.fetch.CacheLines                    2822                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu31.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  22                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu31.fetch.rateDist::samples            14642                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu31.fetch.rateDist::mean            0.784046                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu31.fetch.rateDist::stdev           1.179451                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu31.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu31.fetch.rateDist::0                   9166     62.60%     62.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu31.fetch.rateDist::1                   2412     16.47%     79.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu31.fetch.rateDist::2                    124      0.85%     79.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu31.fetch.rateDist::3                   2940     20.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu31.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu31.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu31.fetch.rateDist::max_value              3                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu31.fetch.rateDist::total              14642                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu31.fetch.branchRate                0.108592                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu31.fetch.rate                      0.466393                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu31.decode.IdleCycles                   1305                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu31.decode.BlockedCycles                8434                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu31.decode.RunCycles                    4701                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu31.decode.UnblockCycles                 114                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu31.decode.SquashCycles                   88                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu31.decode.BranchResolved                121                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu31.decode.BranchMispred                  29                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu31.decode.DecodedInsts                 9949                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu31.decode.SquashedInsts                 359                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu31.rename.SquashCycles                   88                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu31.rename.IdleCycles                   1618                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu31.rename.BlockCycles                  2183                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu31.rename.serializeStallCycles         6152                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu31.rename.RunCycles                    4499                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu31.rename.UnblockCycles                 102                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu31.rename.RenamedInsts                 9586                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu31.rename.SquashedInsts                  98                       # Number of squashed instructions processed by rename
system.cpu31.rename.ROBFullEvents                  52                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu31.rename.RenamedOperands             16011                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu31.rename.RenameLookups               46236                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu31.rename.int_rename_lookups          12576                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu31.rename.CommittedMaps               14966                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu31.rename.UndoneMaps                   1041                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu31.rename.serializingInsts               39                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu31.rename.tempSerializingInsts           39                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu31.rename.skidInsts                     269                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu31.memDep0.insertedLoads               1411                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu31.memDep0.insertedStores               383                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu31.memDep0.conflictingLoads              91                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu31.memDep0.conflictingStores             38                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu31.iq.iqInstsAdded                     9380                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu31.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                72                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu31.iq.iqInstsIssued                    9222                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu31.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              43                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu31.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined           833                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu31.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined         1579                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu31.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu31.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        14642                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu31.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       0.629832                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu31.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      1.006152                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu31.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu31.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              9952     67.97%     67.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu31.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              1306      8.92%     76.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu31.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              2260     15.44%     92.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu31.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              1100      7.51%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu31.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                24      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu31.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu31.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu31.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu31.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu31.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu31.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu31.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu31.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         14642                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  1201     74.60%     74.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0      0.00%     74.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     74.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0      0.00%     74.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     74.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     74.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     74.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     74.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     74.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     74.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     74.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     74.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     74.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     74.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     74.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     74.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     74.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     74.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     74.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     74.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     74.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     74.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     74.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     74.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     74.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     74.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     74.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     74.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  176     10.93%     85.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 233     14.47%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                7476     81.07%     81.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.03%     81.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     81.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     81.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     81.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     81.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     81.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     81.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     81.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     81.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     81.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     81.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     81.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     81.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     81.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     81.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     81.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     81.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     81.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     81.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     81.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     81.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     81.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     81.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     81.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     81.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               1396     15.14%     96.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               347      3.76%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::total                 9222                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.rate                         0.416569                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu31.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      1610                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu31.iq.fu_busy_rate                 0.174583                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu31.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            34736                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu31.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           10286                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu31.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         9009                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu31.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu31.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu31.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu31.iq.int_alu_accesses                10832                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu31.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu31.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              1                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu31.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu31.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          183                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu31.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu31.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            1                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu31.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores           99                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu31.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu31.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu31.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           11                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu31.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu31.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu31.iew.iewSquashCycles                   88                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu31.iew.iewBlockCycles                    57                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu31.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   2                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu31.iew.iewDispatchedInsts              9454                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu31.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu31.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                1411                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu31.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                383                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu31.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               39                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu31.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    2                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu31.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                   0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu31.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            1                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu31.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           10                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu31.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           69                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu31.iew.branchMispredicts                 79                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu31.iew.iewExecutedInsts                9091                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu31.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                1366                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu31.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             128                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu31.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu31.iew.exec_nop                           2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu31.iew.exec_refs                       1694                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu31.iew.exec_branches                   2057                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu31.iew.exec_stores                      328                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu31.iew.exec_rate                   0.410651                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu31.iew.wb_sent                         9030                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu31.iew.wb_count                        9009                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu31.iew.wb_producers                    6056                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu31.iew.wb_consumers                   10274                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu31.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu31.iew.wb_rate                     0.406947                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu31.iew.wb_fanout                   0.589449                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu31.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu31.commit.commitSquashedInsts           703                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu31.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            58                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu31.commit.branchMispredicts              75                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu31.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        14498                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu31.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.594496                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu31.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.339027                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu31.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu31.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        10305     71.08%     71.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu31.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         2967     20.46%     91.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu31.commit.committed_per_cycle::2          166      1.14%     92.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu31.commit.committed_per_cycle::3           82      0.57%     93.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu31.commit.committed_per_cycle::4           32      0.22%     93.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu31.commit.committed_per_cycle::5          809      5.58%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu31.commit.committed_per_cycle::6           84      0.58%     99.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu31.commit.committed_per_cycle::7           27      0.19%     99.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu31.commit.committed_per_cycle::8           26      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu31.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu31.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu31.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu31.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        14498                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu31.commit.committedInsts               8232                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu31.commit.committedOps                 8619                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu31.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu31.commit.refs                         1512                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu31.commit.loads                        1228                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu31.commit.membars                        20                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu31.commit.branches                     2003                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu31.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu31.commit.int_insts                    6684                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu31.commit.function_calls                 44                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu           7105     82.43%     82.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.02%     82.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     82.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     82.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     82.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     82.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     82.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     82.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     82.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     82.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     82.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     82.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     82.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     82.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     82.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     82.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     82.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     82.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     82.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     82.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     82.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     82.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     82.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     82.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     82.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     82.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     82.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          1228     14.25%     96.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          284      3.30%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::total            8619                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.bw_lim_events                  26                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu31.rob.rob_reads                      23651                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu31.rob.rob_writes                     18808                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu31.timesIdled                            49                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu31.idleCycles                          7496                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu31.quiesceCycles                      92147                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu31.committedInsts                      8232                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu31.committedOps                        8619                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu31.cpi                             2.689261                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu31.cpi_total                       2.689261                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu31.ipc                             0.371849                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu31.ipc_total                       0.371849                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu31.int_regfile_reads                  11859                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu31.int_regfile_writes                  4062                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu31.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu31.cc_regfile_reads                   31257                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu31.cc_regfile_writes                  11443                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu31.misc_regfile_reads                  2825                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu31.misc_regfile_writes                  114                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu31.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu31.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           4.180027                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu31.dcache.tags.total_refs              1516                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu31.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              26                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu31.dcache.tags.avg_refs           58.307692                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu31.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu31.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu31.data     4.180027                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu31.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu31.data     0.004082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu31.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.004082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu31.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu31.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu31.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu31.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.025391                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu31.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            3282                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.tags.data_accesses           3282                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu31.data         1278                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          1278                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu31.data          235                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          235                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu31.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu31.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu31.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu31.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_hits::cpu31.data         1513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_hits::total           1513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_hits::cpu31.data         1514                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_hits::total          1514                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu31.data           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu31.data           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu31.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu31.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu31.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu31.data           24                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           24                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu31.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            6                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_misses::cpu31.data           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_misses::total           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_misses::cpu31.data           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_misses::total           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu31.data      6183000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6183000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu31.data      7293250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7293250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu31.data      1276907                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1276907                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu31.data        36499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        36499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu31.data       346500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       346500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu31.data     13476250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     13476250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu31.data     13476250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     13476250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu31.data         1321                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1321                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu31.data          254                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          254                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu31.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu31.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu31.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu31.data           28                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           28                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu31.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            6                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu31.data         1575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_accesses::total         1575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu31.data         1577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu31.data     0.032551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.032551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu31.data     0.074803                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.074803                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu31.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu31.data     0.857143                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.857143                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu31.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu31.data     0.039365                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.039365                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu31.data     0.039949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.039949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu31.data 143790.697674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 143790.697674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu31.data 383855.263158                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 383855.263158                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu31.data 53204.458333                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53204.458333                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu31.data  6083.166667                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6083.166667                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu31.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu31.data 217358.870968                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 217358.870968                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu31.data 213908.730159                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 213908.730159                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu31.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu31.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu31.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu31.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu31.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu31.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu31.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu31.data           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu31.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu31.data           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu31.data           28                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu31.data           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu31.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu31.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu31.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu31.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu31.data           24                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu31.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu31.data           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu31.data           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.data      2794500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2794500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.data      2233250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2233250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.data         9000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.data      1186593                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1186593                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.data        26001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        26001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.data       337500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       337500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.data      5027750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5027750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.data      5036750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5036750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu31.data     0.019682                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019682                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu31.data     0.031496                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031496                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu31.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu31.data     0.857143                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.857143                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu31.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu31.data     0.021587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu31.data     0.022194                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022194                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.data 107480.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107480.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.data 279156.250000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 279156.250000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.data         9000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.data 49441.375000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49441.375000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.data  4333.500000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4333.500000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.data       147875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       147875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.data 143907.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 143907.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu31.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu31.icache.tags.tagsinuse           6.926872                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu31.icache.tags.total_refs              2764                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu31.icache.tags.sampled_refs              52                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu31.icache.tags.avg_refs           53.153846                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu31.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu31.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu31.inst     6.926872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu31.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu31.inst     0.013529                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu31.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.013529                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu31.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu31.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu31.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu31.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.101562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu31.icache.tags.tag_accesses            5696                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu31.icache.tags.data_accesses           5696                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu31.inst         2764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          2764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu31.icache.demand_hits::cpu31.inst         2764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu31.icache.demand_hits::total           2764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu31.icache.overall_hits::cpu31.inst         2764                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu31.icache.overall_hits::total          2764                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu31.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu31.icache.demand_misses::cpu31.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu31.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu31.icache.overall_misses::cpu31.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu31.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu31.inst      7761749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7761749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu31.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu31.inst      7761749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu31.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7761749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu31.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu31.inst      7761749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu31.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7761749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu31.inst         2822                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2822                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu31.icache.demand_accesses::cpu31.inst         2822                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu31.icache.demand_accesses::total         2822                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu31.icache.overall_accesses::cpu31.inst         2822                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu31.icache.overall_accesses::total         2822                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu31.inst     0.020553                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.020553                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu31.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu31.inst     0.020553                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu31.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020553                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu31.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu31.inst     0.020553                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu31.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020553                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu31.inst 133823.258621                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 133823.258621                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu31.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu31.inst 133823.258621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu31.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 133823.258621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu31.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu31.inst 133823.258621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu31.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 133823.258621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu31.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2145                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu31.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu31.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              12                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu31.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu31.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   178.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu31.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu31.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu31.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu31.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu31.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu31.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu31.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu31.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu31.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu31.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu31.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu31.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu31.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu31.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu31.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu31.inst           52                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu31.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.inst      6846749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6846749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.inst      6846749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6846749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.inst      6846749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6846749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu31.inst     0.018427                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018427                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu31.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu31.inst     0.018427                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu31.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018427                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu31.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu31.inst     0.018427                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu31.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018427                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.inst 131668.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 131668.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.inst 131668.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 131668.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.inst 131668.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 131668.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                3786                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3782                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            3                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback                33                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               41                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             95                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             136                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq          182                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp          182                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               432                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              432                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu00.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1225                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          850                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu01.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           96                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu01.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           97                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu02.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           96                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu02.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           88                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu03.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu03.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           94                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu04.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu04.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           80                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu05.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu05.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           67                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu06.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu06.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           87                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu07.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu07.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           82                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu08.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu08.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           56                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu09.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu09.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           84                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu10.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu10.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           84                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu11.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu11.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           63                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu12.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu12.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           61                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu13.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu13.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           97                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu14.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu14.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           84                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu15.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu15.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           72                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu16.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu16.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           73                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu17.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           96                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu17.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           89                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu18.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          106                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu18.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           82                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu19.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu19.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           89                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu20.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          106                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu20.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           83                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu21.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu21.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           74                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu22.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu22.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           84                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu23.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           96                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu23.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           86                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu24.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          106                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu24.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           78                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu25.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu25.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu26.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu26.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           74                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu27.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           98                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu27.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           86                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu28.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu28.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           58                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu29.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu29.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           62                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu30.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu30.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           82                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu31.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu31.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           82                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   7663                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu00.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        39168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        27456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu01.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu01.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu02.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu02.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu03.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu03.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu04.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu04.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu05.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu05.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu06.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu06.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu07.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu07.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu08.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu08.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu09.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu09.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu10.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu10.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu11.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu11.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu12.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu12.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu13.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu13.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu14.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu14.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu15.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu15.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu16.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu16.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu17.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu17.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu18.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu18.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu19.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu19.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu20.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu20.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu21.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu21.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu22.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu22.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu23.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu23.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu24.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu24.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu25.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu25.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu26.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu26.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu27.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu27.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu28.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu28.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu29.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu29.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu30.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu30.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu31.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu31.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  199104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                             1441                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              5094                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                   63                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::5                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::6                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::7                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::8                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::9                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::10                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::11                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::12                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::13                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::14                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::15                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::16                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::17                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::18                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::19                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::20                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::21                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::22                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::23                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::24                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::25                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::26                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::27                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::28                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::29                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::30                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::31                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::32                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::33                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::34                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::35                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::36                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::37                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::38                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::39                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::40                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::41                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::42                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::43                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::44                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::45                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::46                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::47                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::48                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::49                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::50                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::51                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::52                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::53                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::54                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::55                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::56                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::57                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::58                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::59                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::60                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::61                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::62                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::63                   5094    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::64                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value              63                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value              63                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                5094                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             6105236                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization              10.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            3254000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy            2178741                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              3.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer5.occupancy             251000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer5.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer6.occupancy             409163                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer6.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer9.occupancy             252250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer9.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer10.occupancy            359396                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer10.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer13.occupancy            272250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer13.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer14.occupancy            381440                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer14.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer17.occupancy            270750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer17.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer18.occupancy            316674                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer18.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer21.occupancy            262250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer21.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer22.occupancy            247953                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer22.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer25.occupancy            261500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer25.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer26.occupancy            352916                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer26.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer29.occupancy            263500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer29.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer30.occupancy            330943                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer30.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer33.occupancy            262250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer33.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer34.occupancy            188999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer34.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer37.occupancy            276500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer37.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer38.occupancy            332940                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer38.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer41.occupancy            276250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer41.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer42.occupancy            336451                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer42.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer45.occupancy            269250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer45.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer46.occupancy            227985                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer46.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer49.occupancy            268750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer49.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer50.occupancy            204499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer50.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer53.occupancy            266750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer53.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer54.occupancy            402159                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer54.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer57.occupancy            274000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer57.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer58.occupancy            340950                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer58.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer61.occupancy            273750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer61.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer62.occupancy            272730                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer62.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer65.occupancy            262750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer65.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer66.occupancy            276967                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer66.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer69.occupancy            251750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer69.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer70.occupancy            369390                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer70.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer73.occupancy            280750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer73.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer74.occupancy            327693                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer74.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer77.occupancy            261500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer77.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer78.occupancy            369157                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer78.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer81.occupancy            278000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer81.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer82.occupancy            330717                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer82.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer85.occupancy            272500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer85.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer86.occupancy            283731                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer86.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer89.occupancy            265750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer89.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer90.occupancy            339918                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer90.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer93.occupancy            254000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer93.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer94.occupancy            350138                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer94.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer97.occupancy            278000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer97.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer98.occupancy            302976                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer98.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer101.occupancy           269750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer101.utilization            0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer102.occupancy           208742                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer102.utilization            0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer105.occupancy           270000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer105.utilization            0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer106.occupancy           288666                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer106.utilization            0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer109.occupancy           257250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer109.utilization            0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer110.occupancy           356167                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer110.utilization            0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer113.occupancy           276750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer113.utilization            0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer114.occupancy           200999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer114.utilization            0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer117.occupancy           273750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer117.utilization            0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer118.occupancy           218487                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer118.utilization            0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer121.occupancy           268250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer121.utilization            0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer122.occupancy           334400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer122.utilization            0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer125.occupancy           272750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer125.utilization            0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer126.occupancy           322156                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer126.utilization            0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
