
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000050                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                    50043500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                   50043500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 213016                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   221065                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                6562766                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 883984                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     7.63                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                     1624316                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1685695                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.inst         38464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.data         25472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.inst          3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.data          1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.inst          3392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.data          1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.inst          3264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.data          1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.inst          3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.data          1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.inst          3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.data          1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.inst          3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.data          1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.inst          3392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.data          1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.inst          3392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.data          1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.inst          3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.data          1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.inst          3392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.data          1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.inst          3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.data          1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.inst          3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.data          1216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.inst          3392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.data          1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.inst          3520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.data          1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.inst          3264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.data          1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu16.inst          3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu16.data          1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu17.inst          3392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu17.data          1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu18.inst          3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu18.data          1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu19.inst          3392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu19.data          1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu20.inst          3520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu20.data          1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu21.inst          3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu21.data          1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu22.inst          3136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu22.data          1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu23.inst          3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu23.data          1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu24.inst          3520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu24.data          1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu25.inst          3392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu25.data          1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu26.inst          3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu26.data          1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu27.inst          3392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu27.data          1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu28.inst          3520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu28.data          1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu29.inst          3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu29.data          1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu30.inst          3520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu30.data          1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu31.inst          3392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu31.data          1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             202176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu00.inst        38464                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu01.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu02.inst         3392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu03.inst         3264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu04.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu05.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu06.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu07.inst         3392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu08.inst         3392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu09.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu10.inst         3392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu11.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu12.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu13.inst         3392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu14.inst         3520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu15.inst         3264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu16.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu17.inst         3392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu18.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu19.inst         3392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu20.inst         3520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu21.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu22.inst         3136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu23.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu24.inst         3520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu25.inst         3392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu26.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu27.inst         3392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu28.inst         3520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu29.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu30.inst         3520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu31.inst         3392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        143552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks         2112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total            2112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.inst            601                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.data            398                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.inst             54                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.data             17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.inst             53                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.data             17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.inst             51                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.data             16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.inst             52                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.data             17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.inst             52                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.data             16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.inst             52                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.data             17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.inst             53                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.data             16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.inst             53                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.data             17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.inst             52                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.data             16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.inst             53                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.data             17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.inst             52                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.data             17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.inst             52                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.data             19                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.inst             53                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.data             17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.inst             55                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.data             17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.inst             51                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.data             16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu16.inst             52                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu16.data             17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu17.inst             53                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu17.data             16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu18.inst             54                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu18.data             17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu19.inst             53                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu19.data             17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu20.inst             55                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu20.data             17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu21.inst             52                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu21.data             17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu22.inst             49                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu22.data             16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu23.inst             54                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu23.data             17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu24.inst             55                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu24.data             17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu25.inst             53                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu25.data             16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu26.inst             54                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu26.data             17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu27.inst             53                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu27.data             16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu28.inst             55                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu28.data             17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu29.inst             54                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu29.data             16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu30.inst             55                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu30.data             16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu31.inst             53                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu31.data             17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                3159                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks            33                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                 33                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.inst        768611308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.data        508997172                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.inst         69059918                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.data         21741085                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.inst         67781031                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.data         21741085                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.inst         65223256                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.data         20462198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.inst         66502143                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.data         21741085                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.inst         66502143                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.data         20462198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.inst         66502143                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.data         21741085                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.inst         67781031                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.data         20462198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.inst         67781031                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.data         21741085                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.inst         66502143                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.data         20462198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.inst         67781031                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.data         21741085                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.inst         66502143                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.data         21741085                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.inst         66502143                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.data         24298860                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.inst         67781031                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.data         21741085                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.inst         70338805                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.data         21741085                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.inst         65223256                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.data         20462198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu16.inst         66502143                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu16.data         21741085                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu17.inst         67781031                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu17.data         20462198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu18.inst         69059918                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu18.data         21741085                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu19.inst         67781031                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu19.data         21741085                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu20.inst         70338805                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu20.data         21741085                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu21.inst         66502143                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu21.data         21741085                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu22.inst         62665481                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu22.data         20462198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu23.inst         69059918                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu23.data         21741085                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu24.inst         70338805                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu24.data         21741085                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu25.inst         67781031                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu25.data         20462198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu26.inst         69059918                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu26.data         21741085                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu27.inst         67781031                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu27.data         20462198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu28.inst         70338805                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu28.data         21741085                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu29.inst         69059918                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu29.data         20462198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu30.inst         70338805                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu30.data         20462198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu31.inst         67781031                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu31.data         21741085                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            4040005195                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu00.inst    768611308                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu01.inst     69059918                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu02.inst     67781031                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu03.inst     65223256                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu04.inst     66502143                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu05.inst     66502143                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu06.inst     66502143                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu07.inst     67781031                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu08.inst     67781031                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu09.inst     66502143                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu10.inst     67781031                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu11.inst     66502143                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu12.inst     66502143                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu13.inst     67781031                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu14.inst     70338805                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu15.inst     65223256                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu16.inst     66502143                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu17.inst     67781031                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu18.inst     69059918                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu19.inst     67781031                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu20.inst     70338805                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu21.inst     66502143                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu22.inst     62665481                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu23.inst     69059918                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu24.inst     70338805                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu25.inst     67781031                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu26.inst     69059918                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu27.inst     67781031                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu28.inst     70338805                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu29.inst     69059918                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu30.inst     70338805                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu31.inst     67781031                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total       2868544366                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        42203283                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             42203283                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        42203283                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.inst       768611308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.data       508997172                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.inst        69059918                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.data        21741085                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.inst        67781031                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.data        21741085                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.inst        65223256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.data        20462198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.inst        66502143                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.data        21741085                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.inst        66502143                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.data        20462198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.inst        66502143                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.data        21741085                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.inst        67781031                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.data        20462198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.inst        67781031                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.data        21741085                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.inst        66502143                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.data        20462198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.inst        67781031                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.data        21741085                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.inst        66502143                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.data        21741085                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.inst        66502143                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.data        24298860                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.inst        67781031                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.data        21741085                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.inst        70338805                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.data        21741085                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.inst        65223256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.data        20462198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu16.inst        66502143                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu16.data        21741085                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu17.inst        67781031                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu17.data        20462198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu18.inst        69059918                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu18.data        21741085                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu19.inst        67781031                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu19.data        21741085                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu20.inst        70338805                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu20.data        21741085                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu21.inst        66502143                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu21.data        21741085                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu22.inst        62665481                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu22.data        20462198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu23.inst        69059918                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu23.data        21741085                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu24.inst        70338805                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu24.data        21741085                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu25.inst        67781031                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu25.data        20462198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu26.inst        69059918                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu26.data        21741085                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu27.inst        67781031                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu27.data        20462198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu28.inst        70338805                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu28.data        21741085                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu29.inst        69059918                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu29.data        20462198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu30.inst        70338805                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu30.data        20462198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu31.inst        67781031                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu31.data        21741085                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           4082208479                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        3160                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                         33                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      3160                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                       33                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 200192                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    2048                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                    1024                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  202240                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                 2112                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     32                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           22                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              1113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11               14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13               39                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14               40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                       486                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                      50036000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  3160                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                   33                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                     466                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     293                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     124                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      70                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      62                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                      77                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                     110                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                     137                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                     167                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                     143                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                    151                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                    171                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                    164                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                    141                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                     84                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                     61                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                     39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                     30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                     17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                     14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                     10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                     13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                     15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                     14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                     17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                    505                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples          682                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    292.504399                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   151.255284                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   356.135339                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127          367     53.81%     53.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          106     15.54%     69.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           30      4.40%     73.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           22      3.23%     76.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           21      3.08%     80.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           13      1.91%     81.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           11      1.61%     83.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            9      1.32%     84.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          103     15.10%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total          682                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean           3110                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean          3110                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev           nan                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3199            1    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total             1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev           nan                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16                1    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total             1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    216171000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               274821000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   15640000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     69108.38                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                87858.38                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                      4000.36                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        20.46                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                   4041.28                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     42.20                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        31.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                    31.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       6.52                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      10.26                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     2450                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       2                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 78.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                 6.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      15670.53                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    77.57                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                  4619160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  2520375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                22050600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy              3051360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy             32028300                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy                91500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy               64361295                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower           1370.045128                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         1000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF       1560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT      45430250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                   234360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                   127875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                 1583400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy              3051360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy             30819330                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy              1152000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy               36968325                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            786.936831                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      2128500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF       1560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT      43705500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu00.branchPred.lookups                 11096                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu00.branchPred.condPredicted            8541                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu00.branchPred.condIncorrect             971                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu00.branchPred.BTBLookups               7428                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu00.branchPred.BTBHits                  4046                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu00.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu00.branchPred.BTBHitPct           54.469575                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu00.branchPred.usedRAS                  1083                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu00.branchPred.RASInCorrect               12                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls               1932                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu00.numCycles                         100088                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.fetch.icacheStallCycles            19498                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu00.fetch.Insts                        54982                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu00.fetch.Branches                     11096                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu00.fetch.predictedBranches             5129                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu00.fetch.Cycles                       40646                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu00.fetch.SquashCycles                  2189                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu00.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu00.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            1                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu00.fetch.CacheLines                    6193                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu00.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 638                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::samples            61240                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.044840                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::stdev           2.501819                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::0                  50547     82.54%     82.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::1                    787      1.29%     83.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::2                    948      1.55%     85.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::3                    782      1.28%     86.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::4                    563      0.92%     87.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::5                    681      1.11%     88.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::6                    599      0.98%     89.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::7                    958      1.56%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::8                   5375      8.78%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::total              61240                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.branchRate                0.110862                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu00.fetch.rate                      0.549337                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu00.decode.IdleCycles                  15404                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu00.decode.BlockedCycles               36086                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu00.decode.RunCycles                    7517                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu00.decode.UnblockCycles                1441                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu00.decode.SquashCycles                  792                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu00.decode.BranchResolved               1057                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu00.decode.BranchMispred                 311                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu00.decode.DecodedInsts                54784                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu00.decode.SquashedInsts                1125                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu00.rename.SquashCycles                  792                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu00.rename.IdleCycles                  16237                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu00.rename.BlockCycles                  2620                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu00.rename.serializeStallCycles        24219                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu00.rename.RunCycles                    8078                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu00.rename.UnblockCycles                9294                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu00.rename.RenamedInsts                52453                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu00.rename.ROBFullEvents                   3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu00.rename.IQFullEvents                  789                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu00.rename.LQFullEvents                 1467                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu00.rename.SQFullEvents                 6684                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu00.rename.RenamedOperands             63327                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu00.rename.RenameLookups              245858                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu00.rename.int_rename_lookups          63566                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu00.rename.fp_rename_lookups              24                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu00.rename.CommittedMaps               43669                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu00.rename.UndoneMaps                  19658                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu00.rename.serializingInsts              200                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          198                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu00.rename.skidInsts                    5511                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu00.memDep0.insertedLoads               8343                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu00.memDep0.insertedStores              7124                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu00.memDep0.conflictingLoads             644                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu00.memDep0.conflictingStores            700                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu00.iq.iqInstsAdded                    49197                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               343                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu00.iq.iqInstsIssued                   42367                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             586                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         14242                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        39905                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           74                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        61240                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       0.691819                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      1.378491                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0             46667     76.20%     76.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              3326      5.43%     81.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              2015      3.29%     84.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              1917      3.13%     88.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4              7315     11.94%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         61240                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    3    100.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               28445     67.14%     67.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                154      0.36%     67.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     67.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     67.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     67.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     67.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     67.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     67.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     67.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     67.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     67.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     67.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     67.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     67.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     67.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     67.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     67.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     67.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     67.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     67.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     67.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     67.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     67.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     67.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     67.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            3      0.01%     67.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     67.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               7585     17.90%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              6180     14.59%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::total                42367                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.rate                         0.423297                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu00.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         3                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu00.iq.fu_busy_rate                 0.000071                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           146507                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           63804                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        40423                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                56                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes               32                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu00.iq.int_alu_accesses                42342                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.iq.fp_alu_accesses                    28                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            167                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         2949                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           56                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1531                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          141                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           59                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu00.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu00.iew.iewSquashCycles                  792                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu00.iew.iewBlockCycles                  1960                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu00.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 561                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             49548                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             214                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                8343                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               7124                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              186                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu00.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   18                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 532                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           56                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          133                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect          591                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu00.iew.branchMispredicts                724                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu00.iew.iewExecutedInsts               41478                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                7194                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             889                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu00.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu00.iew.exec_nop                           8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu00.iew.exec_refs                      13204                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu00.iew.exec_branches                   6998                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu00.iew.exec_stores                     6010                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu00.iew.exec_rate                   0.414415                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu00.iew.wb_sent                        40777                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu00.iew.wb_count                       40451                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu00.iew.wb_producers                   22459                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu00.iew.wb_consumers                   46899                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu00.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu00.iew.wb_rate                     0.404154                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu00.iew.wb_fanout                   0.478880                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu00.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu00.commit.commitSquashedInsts         14253                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           269                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu00.commit.branchMispredicts             669                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        58982                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.598454                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.621726                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        47862     81.15%     81.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         4214      7.14%     88.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         1662      2.82%     91.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3          976      1.65%     92.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         1420      2.41%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5          884      1.50%     96.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          391      0.66%     97.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          198      0.34%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         1375      2.33%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        58982                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committedInsts              30096                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.commit.committedOps                35298                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu00.commit.refs                        10987                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu00.commit.loads                        5394                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu00.commit.membars                       124                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu00.commit.branches                     6027                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu00.commit.fp_insts                       28                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu00.commit.int_insts                   30051                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu00.commit.function_calls                434                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          24173     68.48%     68.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           135      0.38%     68.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     68.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     68.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     68.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     68.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     68.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     68.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     68.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     68.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     68.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     68.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     68.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     68.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     68.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     68.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     68.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     68.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     68.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     68.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     68.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     68.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     68.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     68.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            3      0.01%     68.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     68.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     68.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          5394     15.28%     84.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         5593     15.85%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::total           35298                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.bw_lim_events                1375                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu00.rob.rob_reads                     106039                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu00.rob.rob_writes                    101373                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu00.timesIdled                           400                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu00.idleCycles                         38848                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu00.committedInsts                     30096                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu00.committedOps                       35298                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu00.cpi                             3.325625                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu00.cpi_total                       3.325625                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu00.ipc                             0.300695                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu00.ipc_total                       0.300695                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu00.int_regfile_reads                  49983                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu00.int_regfile_writes                 22196                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu00.fp_regfile_reads                    4982                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu00.fp_regfile_writes                      6                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu00.cc_regfile_reads                  144102                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu00.cc_regfile_writes                  27592                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu00.misc_regfile_reads                 15060                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu00.misc_regfile_writes                  127                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.replacements              44                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         202.762464                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.total_refs              9908                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             361                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.avg_refs           27.445983                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   202.762464                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.198010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.198010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          317                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          284                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.309570                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           24941                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.data_accesses          24941                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.data         6421                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          6421                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu00.data         3373                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         3373                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu00.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu00.data           51                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           51                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu00.data           51                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           51                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::cpu00.data         9794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total           9794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::cpu00.data         9799                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total          9799                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.data          290                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          290                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu00.data         2066                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2066                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu00.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu00.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::cpu00.data         2356                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         2356                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::cpu00.data         2356                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         2356                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu00.data     19973991                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     19973991                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu00.data    160867721                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    160867721                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu00.data       253248                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       253248                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu00.data        37499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        37499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu00.data    180841712                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    180841712                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu00.data    180841712                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    180841712                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.data         6711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu00.data         5439                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         5439                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu00.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu00.data           58                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           58                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu00.data           54                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu00.data        12150                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total        12150                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu00.data        12155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total        12155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.043213                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.043213                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.379849                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.379849                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.120690                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.120690                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.055556                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.055556                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.193909                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.193909                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.193830                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.193830                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu00.data 68875.831034                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68875.831034                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu00.data 77864.337367                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77864.337367                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu00.data 36178.285714                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36178.285714                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu00.data 12499.666667                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12499.666667                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu00.data 76757.942275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76757.942275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu00.data 76757.942275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76757.942275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          459                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           63                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              15                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    30.600000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    31.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           33                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total              33                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu00.data          133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu00.data         1815                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1815                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu00.data         1948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu00.data         1948                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1948                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu00.data          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu00.data          251                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          251                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu00.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu00.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu00.data          408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu00.data          408                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          408                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.data     12754501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12754501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.data     22098253                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22098253                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.data       229752                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       229752                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.data        27001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        27001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.data     34852754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     34852754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.data     34852754                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     34852754                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.023394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.046148                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046148                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.120690                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.120690                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.055556                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055556                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.033580                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033580                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.033566                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033566                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.data 81238.859873                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81238.859873                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.data 88040.848606                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88040.848606                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.data 32821.714286                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32821.714286                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.data  9000.333333                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9000.333333                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.data 85423.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85423.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.data 85423.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85423.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.icache.tags.replacements             223                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tags.tagsinuse         272.466716                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.tags.total_refs              5391                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.sampled_refs             601                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.avg_refs            8.970050                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   272.466716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.532162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.532162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          378                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          295                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.738281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.tag_accesses           12987                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu00.icache.tags.data_accesses          12987                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.inst         5391                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          5391                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::cpu00.inst         5391                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total           5391                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::cpu00.inst         5391                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total          5391                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.inst          802                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          802                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::cpu00.inst          802                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total          802                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::cpu00.inst          802                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total          802                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu00.inst     48352750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     48352750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu00.inst     48352750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     48352750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu00.inst     48352750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     48352750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.inst         6193                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6193                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::cpu00.inst         6193                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total         6193                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::cpu00.inst         6193                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total         6193                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.129501                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.129501                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.129501                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.129501                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.129501                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.129501                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu00.inst 60290.211970                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60290.211970                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu00.inst 60290.211970                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60290.211970                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu00.inst 60290.211970                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60290.211970                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          224                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           56                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu00.inst          200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu00.inst          200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu00.inst          200                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          200                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu00.inst          602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu00.inst          602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu00.inst          602                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          602                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.inst     37467250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37467250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.inst     37467250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     37467250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.inst     37467250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     37467250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.097207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.097207                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097207                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.097207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.inst 62237.956811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62237.956811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.inst 62237.956811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62237.956811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.inst 62237.956811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62237.956811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.branchPred.lookups                 22409                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu01.branchPred.condPredicted           21346                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu01.branchPred.condIncorrect             205                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu01.branchPred.BTBLookups              19411                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu01.branchPred.BTBHits                 11371                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu01.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu01.branchPred.BTBHitPct           58.580186                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu01.branchPred.usedRAS                   506                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu01.branchPred.RASInCorrect                1                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                          41844                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.fetch.icacheStallCycles             3560                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu01.fetch.Insts                        92170                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu01.fetch.Branches                     22409                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu01.fetch.predictedBranches            11877                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu01.fetch.Cycles                       30339                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu01.fetch.SquashCycles                   601                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu01.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu01.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles            1                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu01.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           30                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu01.fetch.CacheLines                    1970                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu01.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  75                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::samples            34239                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::mean            2.822337                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::stdev           3.710051                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::0                  20931     61.13%     61.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::1                    422      1.23%     62.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::2                    134      0.39%     62.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::3                    506      1.48%     64.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::4                    383      1.12%     65.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::5                    440      1.29%     66.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::6                    320      0.93%     67.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::7                     50      0.15%     67.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::8                  11053     32.28%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::total              34239                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.branchRate                0.535537                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu01.fetch.rate                      2.202705                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu01.decode.IdleCycles                   6457                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu01.decode.BlockedCycles               15594                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu01.decode.RunCycles                    3396                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu01.decode.UnblockCycles                8519                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu01.decode.SquashCycles                  272                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu01.decode.BranchResolved                492                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu01.decode.BranchMispred                  28                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu01.decode.DecodedInsts                89844                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu01.decode.SquashedInsts                 109                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu01.rename.SquashCycles                  272                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu01.rename.IdleCycles                   7002                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu01.rename.BlockCycles                  3122                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu01.rename.serializeStallCycles         7383                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu01.rename.RunCycles                   11280                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu01.rename.UnblockCycles                5179                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu01.rename.RenamedInsts                88245                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu01.rename.ROBFullEvents                   4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu01.rename.IQFullEvents                 4742                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu01.rename.LQFullEvents                    8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu01.rename.RenamedOperands            156033                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu01.rename.RenameLookups              428158                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu01.rename.int_rename_lookups         118750                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu01.rename.CommittedMaps              141523                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu01.rename.UndoneMaps                  14499                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu01.rename.serializingInsts              134                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          133                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu01.rename.skidInsts                   12473                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu01.memDep0.insertedLoads              12140                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu01.memDep0.insertedStores              2067                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu01.memDep0.conflictingLoads            1069                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu01.memDep0.conflictingStores           1138                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu01.iq.iqInstsAdded                    86796                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               239                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu01.iq.iqInstsIssued                   82053                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             611                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          7739                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        25960                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        34239                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       2.396478                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      1.903683                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0             12429     36.30%     36.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              1057      3.09%     39.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2               862      2.52%     41.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3               292      0.85%     42.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             19599     57.24%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         34239                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               68454     83.43%     83.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 52      0.06%     83.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     83.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     83.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     83.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     83.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     83.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     83.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     83.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     83.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     83.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     83.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     83.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     83.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     83.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     83.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     83.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     83.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     83.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     83.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     83.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     83.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     83.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              11705     14.27%     97.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              1842      2.24%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::total                82053                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.rate                         1.960926                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu01.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu01.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           198956                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           94785                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        81554                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu01.iq.int_alu_accesses                82053                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads             16                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         1137                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           11                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          359                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          100                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           37                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu01.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu01.iew.iewSquashCycles                  272                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu01.iew.iewBlockCycles                   819                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu01.iew.iewUnblockCycles                2220                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             87038                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              64                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               12140                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               2067                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              125                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu01.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                2219                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           11                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          100                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           84                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu01.iew.branchMispredicts                184                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu01.iew.iewExecutedInsts               81943                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               11665                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             110                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu01.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu01.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu01.iew.exec_refs                      13473                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu01.iew.exec_branches                  19199                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu01.iew.exec_stores                     1808                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu01.iew.exec_rate                   1.958297                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu01.iew.wb_sent                        81670                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu01.iew.wb_count                       81554                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu01.iew.wb_producers                   58297                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu01.iew.wb_consumers                  118190                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu01.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu01.iew.wb_rate                     1.949001                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu01.iew.wb_fanout                   0.493248                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu01.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu01.commit.commitSquashedInsts          7677                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           219                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu01.commit.branchMispredicts             177                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        33150                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.392036                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.404350                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        13042     39.34%     39.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         2580      7.78%     47.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2          414      1.25%     48.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         7482     22.57%     70.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          259      0.78%     71.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         7315     22.07%     93.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          250      0.75%     94.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          133      0.40%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         1675      5.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        33150                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committedInsts              76647                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.commit.committedOps                79296                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu01.commit.refs                        12711                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu01.commit.loads                       11003                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu01.commit.membars                        98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu01.commit.branches                    18816                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu01.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu01.commit.int_insts                   60938                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu01.commit.function_calls                278                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          66534     83.91%     83.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            51      0.06%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         11003     13.88%     97.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         1708      2.15%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::total           79296                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.bw_lim_events                1675                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu01.rob.rob_reads                     117304                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu01.rob.rob_writes                    175106                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu01.timesIdled                            43                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu01.idleCycles                          7605                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu01.quiesceCycles                      58243                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu01.committedInsts                     76647                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu01.committedOps                       79296                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu01.cpi                             0.545931                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu01.cpi_total                       0.545931                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu01.ipc                             1.831732                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu01.ipc_total                       1.831732                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu01.int_regfile_reads                 109656                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu01.int_regfile_writes                 34208                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu01.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu01.cc_regfile_reads                  280068                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu01.cc_regfile_writes                 111303                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu01.misc_regfile_reads                 14806                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu01.misc_regfile_writes                  137                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           9.994004                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.total_refs             13013                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              32                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.avg_refs          406.656250                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.data     9.994004                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.009760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.009760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.031250                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           26445                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.data_accesses          26445                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.data        11354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         11354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu01.data         1651                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         1651                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu01.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu01.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::cpu01.data        13005                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total          13005                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::cpu01.data        13007                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total         13007                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.data          110                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          110                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu01.data           21                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           21                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu01.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu01.data           32                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           32                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu01.data            8                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            8                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::cpu01.data          131                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total          131                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::cpu01.data          134                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total          134                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu01.data     10790499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10790499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu01.data      7744500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7744500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu01.data       991425                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       991425                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu01.data        37499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        37499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu01.data       420500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       420500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu01.data     18534999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     18534999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu01.data     18534999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     18534999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.data        11464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        11464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu01.data         1672                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1672                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu01.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu01.data           34                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           34                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu01.data            8                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            8                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu01.data        13136                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total        13136                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu01.data        13141                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total        13141                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.009595                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009595                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.012560                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012560                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.600000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.600000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.941176                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.941176                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.009973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.010197                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010197                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu01.data 98095.445455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98095.445455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu01.data 368785.714286                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 368785.714286                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu01.data 30982.031250                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30982.031250                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu01.data  4687.375000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4687.375000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu01.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu01.data 141488.541985                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 141488.541985                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu01.data 138320.888060                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 138320.888060                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          179                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    59.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu01.data           77                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           77                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu01.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu01.data           90                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           90                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu01.data           90                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           90                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu01.data           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu01.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu01.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu01.data           32                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu01.data            8                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu01.data           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu01.data           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.data      3264501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3264501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.data      2507500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2507500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.data        18500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        18500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.data       875575                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       875575                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.data        27001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        27001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.data       405500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       405500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.data      5772001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5772001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.data      5790501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5790501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.002879                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002879                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.004785                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004785                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.941176                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.941176                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu01.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.003121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.003272                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003272                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.data 98924.272727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98924.272727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.data 313437.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 313437.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.data         9250                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9250                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.data 27361.718750                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27361.718750                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.data  3375.125000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3375.125000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.data 140780.512195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 140780.512195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.data 134662.813953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 134662.813953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tags.tagsinuse          16.428173                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.tags.total_refs              1892                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.sampled_refs              54                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.avg_refs           35.037037                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst    16.428173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.032086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.032086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.105469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.tag_accesses            3994                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu01.icache.tags.data_accesses           3994                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.inst         1892                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          1892                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::cpu01.inst         1892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total           1892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::cpu01.inst         1892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total          1892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.inst           78                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::cpu01.inst           78                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           78                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::cpu01.inst           78                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           78                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu01.inst      8704500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8704500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu01.inst      8704500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8704500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu01.inst      8704500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8704500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.inst         1970                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1970                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::cpu01.inst         1970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total         1970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::cpu01.inst         1970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total         1970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.039594                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.039594                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.039594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.039594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.039594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.039594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu01.inst 111596.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111596.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu01.inst 111596.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 111596.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu01.inst 111596.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 111596.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          190                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           95                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu01.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu01.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu01.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu01.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu01.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu01.inst           54                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           54                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.inst      7007250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7007250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.inst      7007250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7007250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.inst      7007250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7007250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.027411                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027411                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.027411                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027411                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.027411                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027411                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.inst 129763.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 129763.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.inst 129763.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 129763.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.inst 129763.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 129763.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.branchPred.lookups                 23670                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu02.branchPred.condPredicted           22552                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu02.branchPred.condIncorrect             209                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu02.branchPred.BTBLookups              20687                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu02.branchPred.BTBHits                 11994                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu02.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu02.branchPred.BTBHitPct           57.978441                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu02.branchPred.usedRAS                   536                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu02.branchPred.RASInCorrect                1                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                          41325                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.fetch.icacheStallCycles             4654                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu02.fetch.Insts                        97160                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu02.fetch.Branches                     23670                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu02.fetch.predictedBranches            12530                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu02.fetch.Cycles                       29016                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu02.fetch.SquashCycles                   621                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu02.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu02.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles            1                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu02.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu02.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu02.fetch.CacheLines                    2047                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu02.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  72                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::samples            34002                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::mean            2.994500                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::stdev           3.754949                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::0                  19991     58.79%     58.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::1                    444      1.31%     60.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::2                    149      0.44%     60.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::3                    517      1.52%     62.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::4                    388      1.14%     63.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::5                    478      1.41%     64.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::6                    324      0.95%     65.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::7                     48      0.14%     65.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::8                  11663     34.30%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::total              34002                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.branchRate                0.572777                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu02.fetch.rate                      2.351119                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu02.decode.IdleCycles                   6608                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu02.decode.BlockedCycles               14579                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu02.decode.RunCycles                    3768                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu02.decode.UnblockCycles                8765                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu02.decode.SquashCycles                  281                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu02.decode.BranchResolved                504                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu02.decode.BranchMispred                  29                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu02.decode.DecodedInsts                94545                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu02.decode.SquashedInsts                 109                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu02.rename.SquashCycles                  281                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu02.rename.IdleCycles                   7298                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu02.rename.BlockCycles                  1529                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu02.rename.serializeStallCycles         7529                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu02.rename.RunCycles                   11745                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu02.rename.UnblockCycles                5619                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu02.rename.RenamedInsts                92820                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu02.rename.ROBFullEvents                   4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu02.rename.IQFullEvents                 5036                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu02.rename.LQFullEvents                   40                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu02.rename.RenamedOperands            164569                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu02.rename.RenameLookups              450348                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu02.rename.int_rename_lookups         124912                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu02.rename.CommittedMaps              149696                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu02.rename.UndoneMaps                  14869                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu02.rename.serializingInsts              138                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          137                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu02.rename.skidInsts                   14193                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu02.memDep0.insertedLoads              12724                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu02.memDep0.insertedStores              2122                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu02.memDep0.conflictingLoads            1115                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu02.memDep0.conflictingStores           1178                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu02.iq.iqInstsAdded                    91435                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               245                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu02.iq.iqInstsIssued                   86543                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             624                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          7816                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        26588                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           23                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        34002                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       2.545233                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      1.864462                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0             11031     32.44%     32.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              1096      3.22%     35.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2               871      2.56%     38.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3               311      0.91%     39.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             20693     60.86%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         34002                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    3    100.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               72299     83.54%     83.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 52      0.06%     83.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     83.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     83.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     83.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     83.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     83.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     83.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     83.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     83.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     83.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     83.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     83.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     83.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     83.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     83.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     83.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     83.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     83.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     83.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     83.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     83.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     83.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              12278     14.19%     97.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              1914      2.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::total                86543                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.rate                         2.094204                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu02.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         3                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu02.iq.fu_busy_rate                 0.000035                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           207715                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           99509                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        86055                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu02.iq.int_alu_accesses                86546                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads             12                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         1095                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           13                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          319                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          104                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           35                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu02.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu02.iew.iewSquashCycles                  281                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu02.iew.iewBlockCycles                   836                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu02.iew.iewUnblockCycles                  54                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             91683                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              88                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               12724                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               2122                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              125                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu02.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    5                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                  50                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           13                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          102                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           82                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu02.iew.branchMispredicts                184                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu02.iew.iewExecutedInsts               86442                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               12243                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             101                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu02.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu02.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu02.iew.exec_refs                      14129                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu02.iew.exec_branches                  20283                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu02.iew.exec_stores                     1886                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu02.iew.exec_rate                   2.091760                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu02.iew.wb_sent                        86169                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu02.iew.wb_count                       86055                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu02.iew.wb_producers                   61559                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu02.iew.wb_consumers                  124971                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu02.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu02.iew.wb_rate                     2.082396                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu02.iew.wb_fanout                   0.492586                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu02.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu02.commit.commitSquashedInsts          7765                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           222                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu02.commit.branchMispredicts             180                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        32895                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.549445                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.454309                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        11705     35.58%     35.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         3120      9.48%     45.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2          396      1.20%     46.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         7475     22.72%     69.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          237      0.72%     69.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         7465     22.69%     92.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          287      0.87%     93.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          148      0.45%     93.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         2062      6.27%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        32895                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committedInsts              81050                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.commit.committedOps                83864                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu02.commit.refs                        13432                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu02.commit.loads                       11629                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu02.commit.membars                       103                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu02.commit.branches                    19902                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu02.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu02.commit.int_insts                   64449                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu02.commit.function_calls                295                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          70381     83.92%     83.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            51      0.06%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         11629     13.87%     97.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         1803      2.15%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::total           83864                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.bw_lim_events                2062                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu02.rob.rob_reads                     121240                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu02.rob.rob_writes                    184435                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu02.timesIdled                            43                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu02.idleCycles                          7323                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu02.quiesceCycles                      58762                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu02.committedInsts                     81050                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu02.committedOps                       83864                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu02.cpi                             0.509870                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu02.cpi_total                       0.509870                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu02.ipc                             1.961283                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu02.ipc_total                       1.961283                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu02.int_regfile_reads                 115723                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu02.int_regfile_writes                 36019                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu02.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu02.cc_regfile_reads                  295290                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu02.cc_regfile_writes                 117657                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu02.misc_regfile_reads                 15437                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu02.misc_regfile_writes                  107                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          10.199440                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.total_refs             13691                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              30                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.avg_refs          456.366667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    10.199440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.009960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.009960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.029297                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           27823                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.data_accesses          27823                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.data        11955                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         11955                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu02.data         1745                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         1745                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu02.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu02.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::cpu02.data        13700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total          13700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::cpu02.data        13702                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total         13702                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.data           99                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           99                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu02.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu02.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu02.data           26                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           26                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu02.data           12                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           12                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::cpu02.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total          129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::cpu02.data          132                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total          132                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu02.data     14040923                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     14040923                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu02.data      5646500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5646500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu02.data       987414                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       987414                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu02.data        37500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        37500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu02.data       477998                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       477998                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu02.data     19687423                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     19687423                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu02.data     19687423                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     19687423                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.data        12054                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        12054                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu02.data         1775                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1775                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu02.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu02.data           27                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           27                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu02.data           12                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           12                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu02.data        13829                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total        13829                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu02.data        13834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total        13834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.008213                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008213                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.016901                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.016901                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.600000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.600000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.962963                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.962963                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.009328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.009542                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009542                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu02.data 141827.505051                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 141827.505051                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu02.data 188216.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 188216.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu02.data 37977.461538                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37977.461538                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu02.data         3125                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total         3125                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu02.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu02.data 152615.682171                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 152615.682171                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu02.data 149147.143939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 149147.143939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          716                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          716                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu02.data           67                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           67                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu02.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu02.data           88                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           88                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu02.data           88                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           88                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu02.data           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu02.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu02.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu02.data           26                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu02.data           12                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu02.data           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu02.data           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.data      2826005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2826005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.data      1468250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1468250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.data        23501                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        23501                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.data       890586                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       890586                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.data        28500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        28500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.data       449502                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       449502                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.data      4294255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4294255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.data      4317756                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4317756                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.002655                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002655                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.005070                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005070                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu02.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.002965                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002965                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.003108                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003108                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.data 88312.656250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88312.656250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.data 163138.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163138.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.data 11750.500000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11750.500000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.data 34253.307692                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34253.307692                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.data         2375                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         2375                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.data 104737.926829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104737.926829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.data 100412.930233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100412.930233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tags.tagsinuse          16.187722                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.tags.total_refs              1962                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.sampled_refs              53                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.avg_refs           37.018868                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst    16.187722                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.031617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.031617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.103516                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.tag_accesses            4147                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu02.icache.tags.data_accesses           4147                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.inst         1962                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          1962                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::cpu02.inst         1962                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total           1962                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::cpu02.inst         1962                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total          1962                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.inst           85                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           85                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::cpu02.inst           85                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           85                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::cpu02.inst           85                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           85                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu02.inst     13405500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13405500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu02.inst     13405500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13405500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu02.inst     13405500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13405500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.inst         2047                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2047                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::cpu02.inst         2047                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total         2047                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::cpu02.inst         2047                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total         2047                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.041524                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.041524                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.041524                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.041524                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.041524                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.041524                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu02.inst 157711.764706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157711.764706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu02.inst 157711.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157711.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu02.inst 157711.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157711.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          150                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          150                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu02.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu02.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu02.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu02.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu02.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu02.inst           53                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.inst      7282750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7282750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.inst      7282750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7282750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.inst      7282750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7282750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.025892                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025892                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.025892                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025892                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.025892                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025892                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.inst 137410.377358                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137410.377358                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.inst 137410.377358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137410.377358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.inst 137410.377358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137410.377358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.branchPred.lookups                 23119                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu03.branchPred.condPredicted           22054                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu03.branchPred.condIncorrect             194                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu03.branchPred.BTBLookups              19545                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu03.branchPred.BTBHits                 11703                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu03.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu03.branchPred.BTBHitPct           59.877206                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu03.branchPred.usedRAS                   517                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu03.branchPred.RASInCorrect                1                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                          41026                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.fetch.icacheStallCycles             3498                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu03.fetch.Insts                        94937                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu03.fetch.Branches                     23119                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu03.fetch.predictedBranches            12220                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu03.fetch.Cycles                       29324                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu03.fetch.SquashCycles                   585                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu03.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu03.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles            1                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu03.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu03.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu03.fetch.CacheLines                    1959                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu03.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  63                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::samples            33136                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::mean            3.001147                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::stdev           3.761944                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::0                  19524     58.92%     58.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::1                    392      1.18%     60.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::2                    121      0.37%     60.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::3                    507      1.53%     62.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::4                    383      1.16%     63.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::5                    414      1.25%     64.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::6                    327      0.99%     65.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::7                     17      0.05%     65.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::8                  11451     34.56%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::total              33136                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.branchRate                0.563521                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu03.fetch.rate                      2.314069                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu03.decode.IdleCycles                   6522                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu03.decode.BlockedCycles               14098                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu03.decode.RunCycles                    3425                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu03.decode.UnblockCycles                8825                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu03.decode.SquashCycles                  265                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu03.decode.BranchResolved                492                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu03.decode.BranchMispred                  27                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu03.decode.DecodedInsts                92526                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu03.decode.SquashedInsts                 107                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu03.rename.SquashCycles                  265                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu03.rename.IdleCycles                   7069                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu03.rename.BlockCycles                  4081                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu03.rename.serializeStallCycles         4787                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu03.rename.RunCycles                   11609                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu03.rename.UnblockCycles                5324                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu03.rename.RenamedInsts                90912                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu03.rename.ROBFullEvents                   4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu03.rename.IQFullEvents                 4905                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu03.rename.LQFullEvents                    8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu03.rename.RenamedOperands            161145                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu03.rename.RenameLookups              441107                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu03.rename.int_rename_lookups         122424                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu03.rename.CommittedMaps              146361                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu03.rename.UndoneMaps                  14773                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu03.rename.serializingInsts              116                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          115                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu03.rename.skidInsts                   12733                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu03.memDep0.insertedLoads              12514                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu03.memDep0.insertedStores              2099                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu03.memDep0.conflictingLoads            1118                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu03.memDep0.conflictingStores           1158                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu03.iq.iqInstsAdded                    89652                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               208                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu03.iq.iqInstsIssued                   84652                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             630                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          7890                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        27099                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        33136                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       2.554684                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      1.864109                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0             10741     32.41%     32.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               980      2.96%     35.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2               848      2.56%     37.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3               292      0.88%     38.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             20275     61.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         33136                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               70682     83.50%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 52      0.06%     83.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     83.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     83.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     83.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     83.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     83.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     83.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     83.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     83.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     83.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     83.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     83.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     83.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     83.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     83.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     83.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     83.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     83.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     83.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     83.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     83.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     83.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              12055     14.24%     97.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              1863      2.20%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::total                84652                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.rate                         2.063374                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu03.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu03.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           203070                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           97759                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        84162                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu03.iq.int_alu_accesses                84652                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads             17                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         1148                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            9                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          349                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          102                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           37                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu03.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu03.iew.iewSquashCycles                  265                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu03.iew.iewBlockCycles                   852                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu03.iew.iewUnblockCycles                3053                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             89863                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              32                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               12514                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               2099                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              103                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu03.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                3052                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            9                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           99                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           73                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu03.iew.branchMispredicts                172                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu03.iew.iewExecutedInsts               84558                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               12016                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              94                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu03.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu03.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu03.iew.exec_refs                      13851                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu03.iew.exec_branches                  19812                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu03.iew.exec_stores                     1835                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu03.iew.exec_rate                   2.061083                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu03.iew.wb_sent                        84278                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu03.iew.wb_count                       84162                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu03.iew.wb_producers                   60246                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu03.iew.wb_consumers                  122345                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu03.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu03.iew.wb_rate                     2.051431                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu03.iew.wb_fanout                   0.492427                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu03.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu03.commit.commitSquashedInsts          7828                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           201                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu03.commit.branchMispredicts             167                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        32026                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.559483                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.384972                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        11349     35.44%     35.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         2399      7.49%     42.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2          379      1.18%     44.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         7927     24.75%     68.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          232      0.72%     69.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         7725     24.12%     93.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          261      0.81%     94.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          119      0.37%     94.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         1635      5.11%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        32026                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committedInsts              79214                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.commit.committedOps                81970                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu03.commit.refs                        13116                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu03.commit.loads                       11366                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu03.commit.membars                       101                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu03.commit.branches                    19453                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu03.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu03.commit.int_insts                   62994                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu03.commit.function_calls                289                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          68803     83.94%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            51      0.06%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         11366     13.87%     97.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         1750      2.13%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::total           81970                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.bw_lim_events                1635                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu03.rob.rob_reads                     118993                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu03.rob.rob_writes                    180778                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu03.timesIdled                            39                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu03.idleCycles                          7890                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu03.quiesceCycles                      59061                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu03.committedInsts                     79214                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu03.committedOps                       81970                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu03.cpi                             0.517914                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu03.cpi_total                       0.517914                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu03.ipc                             1.930824                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu03.ipc_total                       1.930824                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu03.int_regfile_reads                 113225                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu03.int_regfile_writes                 35267                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu03.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu03.cc_regfile_reads                  288873                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu03.cc_regfile_writes                 115028                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu03.misc_regfile_reads                 15087                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu03.misc_regfile_writes                   34                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           9.305609                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.total_refs             13475                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              29                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.avg_refs          464.655172                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.data     9.305609                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.009088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.009088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.028320                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           27243                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.data_accesses          27243                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.data        11761                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         11761                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu03.data         1715                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         1715                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu03.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::cpu03.data        13476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total          13476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::cpu03.data        13478                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total         13478                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.data           78                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu03.data           24                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           24                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu03.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu03.data            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu03.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            6                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::cpu03.data          102                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total          102                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::cpu03.data          105                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total          105                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu03.data     11816248                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11816248                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu03.data      8668750                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8668750                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu03.data       379976                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       379976                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu03.data        37500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        37500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu03.data       111500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       111500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu03.data     20484998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     20484998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu03.data     20484998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     20484998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.data        11839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        11839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu03.data         1739                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1739                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu03.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu03.data            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu03.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            6                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu03.data        13578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total        13578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu03.data        13583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total        13583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.006588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.013801                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013801                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.600000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.600000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.007512                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007512                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.007730                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007730                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu03.data 151490.358974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151490.358974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu03.data 361197.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 361197.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu03.data        47497                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        47497                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu03.data         6250                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total         6250                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu03.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu03.data 200833.313725                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 200833.313725                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu03.data 195095.219048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 195095.219048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          273                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   136.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu03.data           49                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           49                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu03.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu03.data           65                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           65                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu03.data           65                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           65                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu03.data           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu03.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu03.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu03.data            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu03.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu03.data           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu03.data           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.data      3024252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3024252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.data      2780500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2780500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.data        18000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        18000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.data       351524                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       351524                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.data        28500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        28500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.data       102500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       102500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.data      5804752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5804752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.data      5822752                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5822752                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.002450                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002450                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.004600                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004600                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu03.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu03.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.002725                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002725                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.002871                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002871                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.data 104284.551724                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104284.551724                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.data 347562.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 347562.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.data         9000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.data 43940.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43940.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.data         4750                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         4750                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.data 156885.189189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156885.189189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.data 149301.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 149301.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tags.tagsinuse          15.619007                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.tags.total_refs              1886                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.sampled_refs              51                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.avg_refs           36.980392                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst    15.619007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.030506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.030506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.099609                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.tag_accesses            3969                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu03.icache.tags.data_accesses           3969                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.inst         1886                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          1886                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::cpu03.inst         1886                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total           1886                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::cpu03.inst         1886                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total          1886                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.inst           73                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           73                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::cpu03.inst           73                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           73                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::cpu03.inst           73                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           73                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu03.inst      8553250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8553250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu03.inst      8553250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8553250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu03.inst      8553250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8553250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.inst         1959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::cpu03.inst         1959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total         1959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::cpu03.inst         1959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total         1959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.037264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.037264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.037264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.037264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu03.inst 117167.808219                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117167.808219                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu03.inst 117167.808219                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117167.808219                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu03.inst 117167.808219                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117167.808219                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          138                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           69                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu03.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu03.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu03.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu03.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu03.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu03.inst           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.inst      6959750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6959750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.inst      6959750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6959750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.inst      6959750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6959750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.026034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.026034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.026034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.inst 136465.686275                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 136465.686275                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.inst 136465.686275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 136465.686275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.inst 136465.686275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 136465.686275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.branchPred.lookups                 22810                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu04.branchPred.condPredicted           21751                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu04.branchPred.condIncorrect             193                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu04.branchPred.BTBLookups              19014                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu04.branchPred.BTBHits                 11576                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu04.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu04.branchPred.BTBHitPct           60.881456                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu04.branchPred.usedRAS                   508                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu04.branchPred.RASInCorrect                1                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                          40592                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.fetch.icacheStallCycles             4349                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu04.fetch.Insts                        93319                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu04.fetch.Branches                     22810                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu04.fetch.predictedBranches            12084                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu04.fetch.Cycles                       28232                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu04.fetch.SquashCycles                   575                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu04.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu04.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles            1                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu04.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu04.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu04.fetch.CacheLines                    1911                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu04.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  68                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::samples            32890                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::mean            2.972940                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::stdev           3.749896                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::0                  19436     59.09%     59.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::1                    423      1.29%     60.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::2                    141      0.43%     60.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::3                    499      1.52%     62.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::4                    383      1.16%     63.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::5                    448      1.36%     64.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::6                    317      0.96%     65.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::7                     40      0.12%     65.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::8                  11203     34.06%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::total              32890                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.branchRate                0.561933                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu04.fetch.rate                      2.298951                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu04.decode.IdleCycles                   6338                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu04.decode.BlockedCycles               14255                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu04.decode.RunCycles                    3481                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu04.decode.UnblockCycles                8556                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu04.decode.SquashCycles                  259                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu04.decode.BranchResolved                483                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu04.decode.BranchMispred                  29                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu04.decode.DecodedInsts                90881                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu04.decode.SquashedInsts                  96                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu04.rename.SquashCycles                  259                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu04.rename.IdleCycles                   6954                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu04.rename.BlockCycles                  1100                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu04.rename.serializeStallCycles         7913                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu04.rename.RunCycles                   11329                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu04.rename.UnblockCycles                5334                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu04.rename.RenamedInsts                89263                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu04.rename.ROBFullEvents                   4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu04.rename.IQFullEvents                 4845                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu04.rename.LQFullEvents                    8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu04.rename.RenamedOperands            158403                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu04.rename.RenameLookups              433052                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu04.rename.int_rename_lookups         120041                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu04.rename.CommittedMaps              144373                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu04.rename.UndoneMaps                  14029                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu04.rename.serializingInsts              143                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          142                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu04.rename.skidInsts                   13495                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu04.memDep0.insertedLoads              12175                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu04.memDep0.insertedStores              2066                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu04.memDep0.conflictingLoads            1054                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu04.memDep0.conflictingStores           1158                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu04.iq.iqInstsAdded                    88008                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               240                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu04.iq.iqInstsIssued                   83377                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             586                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          7479                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        25255                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        32890                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       2.535026                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      1.869826                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0             10801     32.84%     32.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              1023      3.11%     35.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2               821      2.50%     38.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3               268      0.81%     39.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             19977     60.74%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         32890                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               69737     83.64%     83.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.00%     83.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     83.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     83.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     83.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     83.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     83.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     83.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     83.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     83.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     83.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     83.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     83.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     83.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     83.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     83.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     83.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     83.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     83.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     83.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     83.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     83.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     83.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              11782     14.13%     97.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              1855      2.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::total                83377                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.rate                         2.054025                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu04.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu04.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           200230                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           95733                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        82922                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu04.iq.int_alu_accesses                83377                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              9                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         1022                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            6                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          345                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          105                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           37                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu04.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu04.iew.iewSquashCycles                  259                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu04.iew.iewBlockCycles                   804                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu04.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 171                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             88251                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              56                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               12175                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               2066                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              129                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu04.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    1                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 169                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            6                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          102                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           69                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu04.iew.branchMispredicts                171                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu04.iew.iewExecutedInsts               83298                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               11758                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              79                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu04.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu04.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu04.iew.exec_refs                      13586                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu04.iew.exec_branches                  19599                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu04.iew.exec_stores                     1828                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu04.iew.exec_rate                   2.052079                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu04.iew.wb_sent                        83031                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu04.iew.wb_count                       82922                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu04.iew.wb_producers                   59274                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu04.iew.wb_consumers                  120332                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu04.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu04.iew.wb_rate                     2.042816                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu04.iew.wb_fanout                   0.492587                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu04.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu04.commit.commitSquashedInsts          7429                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           224                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu04.commit.branchMispredicts             165                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        31832                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.537352                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.447267                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        11368     35.71%     35.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         3038      9.54%     45.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2          384      1.21%     46.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         7218     22.68%     69.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          223      0.70%     69.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         7225     22.70%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          263      0.83%     93.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          190      0.60%     93.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         1923      6.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        31832                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committedInsts              78071                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.commit.committedOps                80769                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu04.commit.refs                        12874                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu04.commit.loads                       11153                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu04.commit.membars                       100                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu04.commit.branches                    19227                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu04.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu04.commit.int_insts                   62009                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu04.commit.function_calls                283                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          67893     84.06%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         11153     13.81%     97.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         1721      2.13%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::total           80769                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.bw_lim_events                1923                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu04.rob.rob_reads                     116937                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu04.rob.rob_writes                    177515                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu04.timesIdled                            39                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu04.idleCycles                          7702                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu04.quiesceCycles                      59495                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu04.committedInsts                     78071                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu04.committedOps                       80769                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu04.cpi                             0.519937                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu04.cpi_total                       0.519937                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu04.ipc                             1.923310                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu04.ipc_total                       1.923310                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu04.int_regfile_reads                 111399                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu04.int_regfile_writes                 34570                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu04.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu04.cc_regfile_reads                  284436                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu04.cc_regfile_writes                 113606                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu04.misc_regfile_reads                 14925                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu04.misc_regfile_writes                  144                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           9.666614                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.total_refs             13138                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              28                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.avg_refs          469.214286                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data     9.666614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.009440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.009440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.027344                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           26665                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.data_accesses          26665                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.data        11474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         11474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu04.data         1662                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         1662                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu04.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu04.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::cpu04.data        13136                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total          13136                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::cpu04.data        13138                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total         13138                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.data           85                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           85                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu04.data           22                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           22                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu04.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu04.data           33                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           33                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu04.data           10                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           10                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::cpu04.data          107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total          107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::cpu04.data          110                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total          110                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu04.data      7708750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7708750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu04.data      5615750                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5615750                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu04.data      1274936                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1274936                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu04.data        37499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        37499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu04.data       375000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       375000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu04.data     13324500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     13324500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu04.data     13324500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     13324500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.data        11559                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        11559                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu04.data         1684                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1684                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu04.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu04.data           36                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           36                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu04.data           10                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           10                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu04.data        13243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total        13243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu04.data        13248                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total        13248                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.007354                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007354                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.013064                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013064                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.600000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.600000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.916667                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.916667                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.008080                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008080                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.008303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu04.data 90691.176471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90691.176471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu04.data 255261.363636                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 255261.363636                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu04.data 38634.424242                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38634.424242                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu04.data  3749.900000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  3749.900000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu04.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu04.data 124528.037383                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124528.037383                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu04.data 121131.818182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121131.818182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           20                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          222                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           20                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          111                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu04.data           56                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           56                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu04.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu04.data           71                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           71                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu04.data           71                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           71                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu04.data           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu04.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu04.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu04.data           33                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu04.data           10                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu04.data           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu04.data           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.data      2313250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2313250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.data      1728500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1728500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.data        18000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        18000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.data      1152064                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1152064                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.data        27001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        27001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.data       353500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       353500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.data      4041750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4041750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.data      4059750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4059750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.002509                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002509                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.004157                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004157                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.916667                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.916667                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu04.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.002718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.002868                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002868                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.data 79767.241379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79767.241379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.data 246928.571429                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 246928.571429                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.data         9000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.data 34911.030303                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34911.030303                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.data  2700.100000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  2700.100000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.data 112270.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112270.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.data 106835.526316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106835.526316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tags.tagsinuse          15.780362                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.tags.total_refs              1833                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.sampled_refs              52                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.avg_refs           35.250000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst    15.780362                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.030821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.030821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.101562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.tag_accesses            3874                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu04.icache.tags.data_accesses           3874                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.inst         1833                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          1833                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::cpu04.inst         1833                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total           1833                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::cpu04.inst         1833                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total          1833                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.inst           78                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::cpu04.inst           78                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           78                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::cpu04.inst           78                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           78                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu04.inst      9394500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9394500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu04.inst      9394500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9394500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu04.inst      9394500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9394500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.inst         1911                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1911                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::cpu04.inst         1911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total         1911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::cpu04.inst         1911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total         1911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.040816                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.040816                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.040816                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.040816                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.040816                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.040816                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu04.inst 120442.307692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120442.307692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu04.inst 120442.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120442.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu04.inst 120442.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120442.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          133                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          133                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu04.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu04.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu04.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu04.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu04.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu04.inst           52                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.inst      7340500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7340500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.inst      7340500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7340500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.inst      7340500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7340500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.027211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.027211                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027211                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.027211                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027211                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.inst 141163.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 141163.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.inst 141163.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 141163.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.inst 141163.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 141163.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.branchPred.lookups                 22094                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu05.branchPred.condPredicted           21061                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu05.branchPred.condIncorrect             184                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu05.branchPred.BTBLookups              21517                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu05.branchPred.BTBHits                 11188                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu05.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu05.branchPred.BTBHitPct           51.996096                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu05.branchPred.usedRAS                   494                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu05.branchPred.RASInCorrect                1                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                          40046                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.fetch.icacheStallCycles             3545                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu05.fetch.Insts                        90424                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu05.fetch.Branches                     22094                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu05.fetch.predictedBranches            11682                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu05.fetch.Cycles                       28275                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu05.fetch.SquashCycles                   557                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu05.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu05.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles            1                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu05.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu05.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu05.fetch.CacheLines                    1846                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu05.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  60                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::samples            32120                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::mean            2.949377                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::stdev           3.746404                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::0                  19109     59.49%     59.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::1                    406      1.26%     60.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::2                    123      0.38%     61.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::3                    480      1.49%     62.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::4                    352      1.10%     63.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::5                    444      1.38%     65.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::6                    295      0.92%     66.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::7                     44      0.14%     66.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::8                  10867     33.83%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::total              32120                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.branchRate                0.551716                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu05.fetch.rate                      2.258003                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu05.decode.IdleCycles                   6124                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu05.decode.BlockedCycles               14117                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu05.decode.RunCycles                    3371                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu05.decode.UnblockCycles                8257                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu05.decode.SquashCycles                  250                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu05.decode.BranchResolved                465                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu05.decode.BranchMispred                  28                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu05.decode.DecodedInsts                87900                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu05.decode.SquashedInsts                 101                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu05.rename.SquashCycles                  250                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu05.rename.IdleCycles                   6731                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu05.rename.BlockCycles                  2399                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu05.rename.serializeStallCycles         6610                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu05.rename.RunCycles                   10934                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu05.rename.UnblockCycles                5195                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu05.rename.RenamedInsts                86352                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu05.rename.ROBFullEvents                   5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu05.rename.IQFullEvents                 4704                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu05.rename.LQFullEvents                    8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu05.rename.RenamedOperands            153375                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu05.rename.RenameLookups              418955                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu05.rename.int_rename_lookups         116172                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu05.rename.CommittedMaps              139712                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu05.rename.UndoneMaps                  13652                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu05.rename.serializingInsts              126                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          126                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu05.rename.skidInsts                   13013                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu05.memDep0.insertedLoads              11768                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu05.memDep0.insertedStores              1956                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu05.memDep0.conflictingLoads            1016                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu05.memDep0.conflictingStores           1071                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu05.iq.iqInstsAdded                    85136                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               226                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu05.iq.iqInstsIssued                   80602                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             571                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          7197                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        24569                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        32120                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       2.509402                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      1.878176                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0             10786     33.58%     33.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               964      3.00%     36.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2               787      2.45%     39.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3               268      0.83%     39.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             19315     60.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         32120                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               67449     83.68%     83.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.00%     83.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     83.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     83.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     83.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     83.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     83.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     83.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     83.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     83.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     83.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     83.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     83.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     83.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     83.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     83.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     83.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     83.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     83.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     83.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     83.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     83.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     83.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              11371     14.11%     97.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              1779      2.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::total                80602                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.rate                         2.012735                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu05.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu05.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           193895                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           92569                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        80169                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu05.iq.int_alu_accesses                80602                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads             10                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          977                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          288                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           97                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           29                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu05.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu05.iew.iewSquashCycles                  250                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu05.iew.iewBlockCycles                   778                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu05.iew.iewUnblockCycles                1570                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             85365                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              80                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               11768                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               1956                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              116                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu05.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                1569                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           92                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           66                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu05.iew.branchMispredicts                158                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu05.iew.iewExecutedInsts               80522                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               11350                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              80                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu05.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu05.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu05.iew.exec_refs                      13100                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu05.iew.exec_branches                  18941                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu05.iew.exec_stores                     1750                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu05.iew.exec_rate                   2.010738                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu05.iew.wb_sent                        80276                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu05.iew.wb_count                       80169                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu05.iew.wb_producers                   57343                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu05.iew.wb_consumers                  116585                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu05.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu05.iew.wb_rate                     2.001923                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu05.iew.wb_fanout                   0.491856                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu05.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu05.commit.commitSquashedInsts          7135                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           206                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu05.commit.branchMispredicts             156                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        31108                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.512698                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.436607                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        11375     36.57%     36.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         2750      8.84%     45.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2          338      1.09%     46.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         7132     22.93%     69.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          183      0.59%     70.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         7106     22.84%     92.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          275      0.88%     93.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          161      0.52%     94.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         1788      5.75%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        31108                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committedInsts              75538                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.commit.committedOps                78165                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu05.commit.refs                        12459                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu05.commit.loads                       10791                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu05.commit.membars                        96                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu05.commit.branches                    18602                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu05.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu05.commit.int_insts                   60019                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu05.commit.function_calls                276                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          65704     84.06%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         10791     13.81%     97.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         1668      2.13%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::total           78165                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.bw_lim_events                1788                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu05.rob.rob_reads                     113476                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu05.rob.rob_writes                    171683                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu05.timesIdled                            38                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu05.idleCycles                          7926                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu05.quiesceCycles                      60041                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu05.committedInsts                     75538                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu05.committedOps                       78165                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu05.cpi                             0.530144                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu05.cpi_total                       0.530144                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu05.ipc                             1.886281                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu05.ipc_total                       1.886281                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu05.int_regfile_reads                 107746                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu05.int_regfile_writes                 33427                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu05.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu05.cc_regfile_reads                  274911                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu05.cc_regfile_writes                 109929                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu05.misc_regfile_reads                 14407                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu05.misc_regfile_writes                   93                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           9.388417                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.total_refs             12743                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              27                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.avg_refs          471.962963                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.data     9.388417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.009168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.009168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.026367                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           25775                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.data_accesses          25775                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.data        11118                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         11118                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu05.data         1623                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         1623                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu05.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu05.data            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::cpu05.data        12741                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total          12741                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::cpu05.data        12743                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total         12743                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.data           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu05.data           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu05.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu05.data           19                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           19                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu05.data            9                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            9                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::cpu05.data           78                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total           78                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::cpu05.data           81                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total           81                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu05.data      8597499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8597499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu05.data      7042250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7042250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu05.data       716971                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       716971                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu05.data        37500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        37500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu05.data       405497                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       405497                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu05.data     15639749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     15639749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu05.data     15639749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     15639749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.data        11176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        11176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu05.data         1643                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1643                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu05.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu05.data           24                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           24                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu05.data            9                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            9                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu05.data        12819                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total        12819                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu05.data        12824                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total        12824                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.005190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.012173                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012173                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.600000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.600000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.791667                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.791667                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.006085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.006316                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006316                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu05.data 148232.741379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 148232.741379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu05.data 352112.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 352112.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu05.data 37735.315789                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37735.315789                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu05.data  4166.666667                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4166.666667                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu05.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu05.data 200509.602564                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 200509.602564                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu05.data 193083.320988                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 193083.320988                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          128                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          128                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu05.data           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu05.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu05.data           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu05.data           43                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu05.data           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu05.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu05.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu05.data           19                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           19                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu05.data            9                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu05.data           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu05.data           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.data      2704751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2704751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.data      2259500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2259500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.data        18500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        18500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.data       650529                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       650529                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.data        28500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        28500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.data       386003                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       386003                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.data      4964251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4964251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.data      4982751                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4982751                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.002505                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002505                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.004260                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004260                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.791667                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.791667                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu05.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.002730                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002730                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.002885                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002885                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.data 96598.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96598.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.data 322785.714286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 322785.714286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.data         9250                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9250                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.data 34238.368421                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34238.368421                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.data  3166.666667                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3166.666667                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.data 141835.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 141835.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.data 134668.945946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 134668.945946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tags.tagsinuse          15.474433                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.tags.total_refs              1773                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.sampled_refs              52                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.avg_refs           34.096154                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst    15.474433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.030224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.030224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.101562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.tag_accesses            3744                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu05.icache.tags.data_accesses           3744                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.inst         1773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          1773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::cpu05.inst         1773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total           1773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::cpu05.inst         1773                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total          1773                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.inst           73                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           73                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::cpu05.inst           73                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           73                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::cpu05.inst           73                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           73                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu05.inst      9218000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9218000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu05.inst      9218000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9218000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu05.inst      9218000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9218000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.inst         1846                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1846                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::cpu05.inst         1846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total         1846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::cpu05.inst         1846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total         1846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.039545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.039545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.039545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.039545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.039545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.039545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu05.inst 126273.972603                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126273.972603                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu05.inst 126273.972603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 126273.972603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu05.inst 126273.972603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 126273.972603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          179                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          179                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu05.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu05.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu05.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu05.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu05.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu05.inst           52                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.inst      7411750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7411750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.inst      7411750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7411750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.inst      7411750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7411750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.028169                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028169                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.028169                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028169                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.028169                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028169                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.inst 142533.653846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 142533.653846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.inst 142533.653846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 142533.653846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.inst 142533.653846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 142533.653846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.branchPred.lookups                 22119                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu06.branchPred.condPredicted           21083                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu06.branchPred.condIncorrect             189                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu06.branchPred.BTBLookups              18152                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu06.branchPred.BTBHits                 11214                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu06.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu06.branchPred.BTBHitPct           61.778316                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu06.branchPred.usedRAS                   496                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu06.branchPred.RASInCorrect                1                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                          39554                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.fetch.icacheStallCycles             4301                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu06.fetch.Insts                        90442                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu06.fetch.Branches                     22119                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu06.fetch.predictedBranches            11710                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu06.fetch.Cycles                       27087                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu06.fetch.SquashCycles                   561                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu06.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu06.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles            1                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu06.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu06.fetch.CacheLines                    1855                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu06.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  72                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::samples            31690                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::mean            2.992237                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::stdev           3.754985                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::0                  18649     58.85%     58.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::1                    409      1.29%     60.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::2                    133      0.42%     60.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::3                    485      1.53%     62.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::4                    367      1.16%     63.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::5                    434      1.37%     64.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::6                    304      0.96%     65.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::7                     40      0.13%     65.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::8                  10869     34.30%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::total              31690                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.branchRate                0.559210                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu06.fetch.rate                      2.286545                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu06.decode.IdleCycles                   6201                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu06.decode.BlockedCycles               13564                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu06.decode.RunCycles                    3368                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu06.decode.UnblockCycles                8304                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu06.decode.SquashCycles                  252                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu06.decode.BranchResolved                469                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu06.decode.BranchMispred                  29                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu06.decode.DecodedInsts                88148                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu06.decode.SquashedInsts                  97                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu06.rename.SquashCycles                  252                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu06.rename.IdleCycles                   6799                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu06.rename.BlockCycles                   807                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu06.rename.serializeStallCycles         7690                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu06.rename.RunCycles                   10987                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu06.rename.UnblockCycles                5154                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu06.rename.RenamedInsts                86588                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu06.rename.ROBFullEvents                   4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu06.rename.IQFullEvents                 4682                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu06.rename.RenamedOperands            153597                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu06.rename.RenameLookups              420064                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu06.rename.int_rename_lookups         116447                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu06.rename.CommittedMaps              139860                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu06.rename.UndoneMaps                  13726                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu06.rename.serializingInsts              134                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          133                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu06.rename.skidInsts                   13075                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu06.memDep0.insertedLoads              11792                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu06.memDep0.insertedStores              2021                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu06.memDep0.conflictingLoads            1019                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu06.memDep0.conflictingStores           1135                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu06.iq.iqInstsAdded                    85340                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               229                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu06.iq.iqInstsIssued                   80821                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             598                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          7316                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        24586                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        31690                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       2.550363                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      1.865851                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0             10294     32.48%     32.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               981      3.10%     35.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2               782      2.47%     38.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3               256      0.81%     38.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             19377     61.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         31690                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               67610     83.65%     83.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.00%     83.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     83.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     83.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     83.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     83.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     83.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     83.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     83.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     83.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     83.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     83.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     83.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     83.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     83.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     83.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     83.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     83.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     83.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     83.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     83.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     83.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     83.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              11404     14.11%     97.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              1804      2.23%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::total                80821                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.rate                         2.043308                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu06.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu06.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           193930                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           92894                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        80384                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu06.iq.int_alu_accesses                80821                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              7                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          984                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            9                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          354                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          100                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           30                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu06.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu06.iew.iewSquashCycles                  252                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu06.iew.iewBlockCycles                   774                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu06.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             85572                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              56                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               11792                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               2021                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              123                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu06.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                   0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            9                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           98                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           69                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu06.iew.branchMispredicts                167                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu06.iew.iewExecutedInsts               80735                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               11377                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              86                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu06.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu06.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu06.iew.exec_refs                      13150                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu06.iew.exec_branches                  18999                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu06.iew.exec_stores                     1773                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu06.iew.exec_rate                   2.041134                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu06.iew.wb_sent                        80484                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu06.iew.wb_count                       80384                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu06.iew.wb_producers                   57475                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu06.iew.wb_consumers                  116748                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu06.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu06.iew.wb_rate                     2.032260                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu06.iew.wb_fanout                   0.492300                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu06.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu06.commit.commitSquashedInsts          7254                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           213                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu06.commit.branchMispredicts             161                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        30663                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.552033                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.461992                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        10849     35.38%     35.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         3042      9.92%     45.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2          406      1.32%     46.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         6848     22.33%     68.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          218      0.71%     69.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         6880     22.44%     92.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          274      0.89%     93.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          229      0.75%     93.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         1917      6.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        30663                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committedInsts              75637                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.commit.committedOps                78253                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu06.commit.refs                        12475                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu06.commit.loads                       10808                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu06.commit.membars                        97                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu06.commit.branches                    18626                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu06.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu06.commit.int_insts                   60080                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu06.commit.function_calls                275                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          65776     84.06%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         10808     13.81%     97.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         1667      2.13%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::total           78253                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.bw_lim_events                1917                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu06.rob.rob_reads                     113122                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu06.rob.rob_writes                    172113                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu06.timesIdled                            38                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu06.idleCycles                          7864                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu06.quiesceCycles                      60533                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu06.committedInsts                     75637                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu06.committedOps                       78253                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu06.cpi                             0.522945                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu06.cpi_total                       0.522945                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu06.ipc                             1.912247                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu06.ipc_total                       1.912247                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu06.int_regfile_reads                 107966                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu06.int_regfile_writes                 33511                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu06.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu06.cc_regfile_reads                  275655                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu06.cc_regfile_writes                 110123                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu06.misc_regfile_reads                 14487                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu06.misc_regfile_writes                  123                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           9.357109                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.total_refs             12726                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              28                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.avg_refs          454.500000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.data     9.357109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.009138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.009138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.027344                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           25830                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.data_accesses          25830                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.data        11111                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         11111                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu06.data         1613                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         1613                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu06.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu06.data            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::cpu06.data        12724                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total          12724                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::cpu06.data        12726                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total         12726                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.data           90                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           90                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu06.data           22                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           22                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu06.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu06.data           25                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           25                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu06.data            9                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            9                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::cpu06.data          112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total          112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::cpu06.data          115                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total          115                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu06.data      7385642                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7385642                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu06.data      4189750                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4189750                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu06.data      1270462                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1270462                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu06.data        40499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        40499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu06.data       390001                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       390001                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu06.data     11575392                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     11575392                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu06.data     11575392                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     11575392                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.data        11201                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        11201                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu06.data         1635                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1635                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu06.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu06.data           31                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           31                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu06.data            9                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            9                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu06.data        12836                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total        12836                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu06.data        12841                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total        12841                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.008035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.013456                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013456                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.600000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.600000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.806452                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.806452                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.008725                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008725                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.008956                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008956                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu06.data 82062.688889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82062.688889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu06.data 190443.181818                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 190443.181818                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu06.data 50818.480000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50818.480000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu06.data  4499.888889                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4499.888889                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu06.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu06.data 103351.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103351.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu06.data 100655.582609                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 100655.582609                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           19                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          120                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           19                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          120                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu06.data           61                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           61                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu06.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu06.data           76                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           76                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu06.data           76                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           76                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu06.data           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu06.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu06.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu06.data           25                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu06.data            9                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu06.data           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu06.data           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.data      2931756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2931756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.data      1322750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1322750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.data        22001                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        22001                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.data      1189038                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1189038                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.data        30001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        30001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.data       370999                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       370999                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.data      4254506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4254506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.data      4276507                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4276507                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.002589                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002589                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.004281                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004281                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.806452                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.806452                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu06.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.002805                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002805                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.002959                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002959                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.data 101095.034483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101095.034483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.data 188964.285714                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 188964.285714                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.data 11000.500000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11000.500000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.data 47561.520000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47561.520000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.data  3333.444444                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3333.444444                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.data 118180.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118180.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.data 112539.657895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112539.657895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tags.tagsinuse          15.300449                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.tags.total_refs              1781                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.sampled_refs              52                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.avg_refs           34.250000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst    15.300449                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.029884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.029884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.101562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.tag_accesses            3762                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu06.icache.tags.data_accesses           3762                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.inst         1781                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          1781                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::cpu06.inst         1781                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total           1781                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::cpu06.inst         1781                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total          1781                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.inst           74                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           74                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::cpu06.inst           74                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           74                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::cpu06.inst           74                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           74                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu06.inst     10008500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10008500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu06.inst     10008500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10008500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu06.inst     10008500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10008500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.inst         1855                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1855                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::cpu06.inst         1855                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total         1855                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::cpu06.inst         1855                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total         1855                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.039892                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.039892                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.039892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.039892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.039892                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.039892                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu06.inst       135250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       135250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu06.inst       135250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       135250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu06.inst       135250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       135250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          133                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    66.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu06.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu06.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu06.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu06.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu06.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu06.inst           52                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.inst      7980000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7980000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.inst      7980000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7980000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.inst      7980000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7980000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.028032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.028032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.028032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.inst 153461.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 153461.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.inst 153461.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 153461.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.inst 153461.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 153461.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.branchPred.lookups                 22232                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu07.branchPred.condPredicted           21190                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu07.branchPred.condIncorrect             190                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu07.branchPred.BTBLookups              17923                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu07.branchPred.BTBHits                 11270                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu07.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu07.branchPred.BTBHitPct           62.880098                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu07.branchPred.usedRAS                   497                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu07.branchPred.RASInCorrect                1                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                          38970                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.fetch.icacheStallCycles             3816                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu07.fetch.Insts                        90971                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu07.fetch.Branches                     22232                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu07.fetch.predictedBranches            11767                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu07.fetch.Cycles                       26400                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu07.fetch.SquashCycles                   569                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu07.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu07.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles            1                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu07.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           14                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu07.fetch.CacheLines                    1882                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu07.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  65                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::samples            30524                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::mean            3.123509                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::stdev           3.783446                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::0                  17417     57.06%     57.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::1                    411      1.35%     58.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::2                    131      0.43%     58.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::3                    491      1.61%     60.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::4                    368      1.21%     61.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::5                    425      1.39%     63.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::6                    303      0.99%     64.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::7                     43      0.14%     64.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::8                  10935     35.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::total              30524                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.branchRate                0.570490                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu07.fetch.rate                      2.334385                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu07.decode.IdleCycles                   6198                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu07.decode.BlockedCycles               12339                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu07.decode.RunCycles                    3503                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu07.decode.UnblockCycles                8228                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu07.decode.SquashCycles                  255                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu07.decode.BranchResolved                476                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu07.decode.BranchMispred                  29                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu07.decode.DecodedInsts                88562                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu07.decode.SquashedInsts                 105                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu07.rename.SquashCycles                  255                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu07.rename.IdleCycles                   6842                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu07.rename.BlockCycles                  1681                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu07.rename.serializeStallCycles         5497                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu07.rename.RunCycles                   10998                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu07.rename.UnblockCycles                5250                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu07.rename.RenamedInsts                86996                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu07.rename.IQFullEvents                 4735                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu07.rename.LQFullEvents                    8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu07.rename.RenamedOperands            154437                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu07.rename.RenameLookups              422078                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu07.rename.int_rename_lookups         117006                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu07.rename.CommittedMaps              140483                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu07.rename.UndoneMaps                  13950                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu07.rename.serializingInsts              119                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          118                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu07.rename.skidInsts                   13308                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu07.memDep0.insertedLoads              11868                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu07.memDep0.insertedStores              1978                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu07.memDep0.conflictingLoads            1045                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu07.memDep0.conflictingStores           1134                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu07.iq.iqInstsAdded                    85749                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               220                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu07.iq.iqInstsIssued                   81157                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             583                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          7350                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        24807                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        30524                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       2.658793                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      1.828145                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              9056     29.67%     29.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               955      3.13%     32.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2               789      2.58%     35.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3               272      0.89%     36.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             19452     63.73%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         30524                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               67893     83.66%     83.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.00%     83.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     83.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     83.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     83.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     83.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     83.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     83.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     83.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     83.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     83.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     83.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     83.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     83.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     83.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     83.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     83.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     83.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     83.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     83.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     83.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     83.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     83.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              11462     14.12%     97.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              1799      2.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::total                81157                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.rate                         2.082551                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu07.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu07.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           193421                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           93329                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        80728                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu07.iq.int_alu_accesses                81157                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              9                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         1004                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          294                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           99                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           27                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu07.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu07.iew.iewSquashCycles                  255                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu07.iew.iewBlockCycles                   777                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu07.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 889                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             85972                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              72                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               11868                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               1978                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              107                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu07.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 889                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           96                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           69                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu07.iew.branchMispredicts                165                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu07.iew.iewExecutedInsts               81079                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               11439                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              78                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu07.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu07.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu07.iew.exec_refs                      13211                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu07.iew.exec_branches                  19071                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu07.iew.exec_stores                     1772                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu07.iew.exec_rate                   2.080549                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu07.iew.wb_sent                        80836                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu07.iew.wb_count                       80728                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu07.iew.wb_producers                   57717                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu07.iew.wb_consumers                  117290                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu07.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu07.iew.wb_rate                     2.071542                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu07.iew.wb_fanout                   0.492088                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu07.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu07.commit.commitSquashedInsts          7285                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           202                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu07.commit.branchMispredicts             161                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        29491                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.665864                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.451188                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0         9648     32.72%     32.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         2930      9.94%     42.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2          362      1.23%     43.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         6983     23.68%     67.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          219      0.74%     68.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         6994     23.72%     92.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          262      0.89%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          146      0.50%     93.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         1947      6.60%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        29491                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committedInsts              75954                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.commit.committedOps                78619                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu07.commit.refs                        12548                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu07.commit.loads                       10864                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu07.commit.membars                        98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu07.commit.branches                    18704                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu07.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu07.commit.int_insts                   60377                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu07.commit.function_calls                280                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          66069     84.04%     84.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.00%     84.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     84.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     84.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     84.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     84.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     84.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         10864     13.82%     97.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         1684      2.14%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::total           78619                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.bw_lim_events                1947                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu07.rob.rob_reads                     112291                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu07.rob.rob_writes                    172911                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu07.timesIdled                            40                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu07.idleCycles                          8446                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu07.quiesceCycles                      61117                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu07.committedInsts                     75954                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu07.committedOps                       78619                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu07.cpi                             0.513074                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu07.cpi_total                       0.513074                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu07.ipc                             1.949038                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu07.ipc_total                       1.949038                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu07.int_regfile_reads                 108454                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu07.int_regfile_writes                 33682                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu07.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu07.cc_regfile_reads                  276837                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu07.cc_regfile_writes                 110600                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu07.misc_regfile_reads                 14513                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu07.misc_regfile_writes                   64                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           9.052294                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.total_refs             12847                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              27                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.avg_refs          475.814815                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.data     9.052294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.008840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.008840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.026367                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           25994                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.data_accesses          25994                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.data        11201                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         11201                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu07.data         1644                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         1644                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu07.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::cpu07.data        12845                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total          12845                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::cpu07.data        12847                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total         12847                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.data           74                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           74                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu07.data           22                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           22                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu07.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu07.data           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu07.data            8                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            8                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::cpu07.data           96                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total           96                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::cpu07.data           99                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total           99                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu07.data      7766999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7766999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu07.data      6042750                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6042750                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu07.data       518961                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       518961                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu07.data        38500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        38500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu07.data       284500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       284500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu07.data     13809749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     13809749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu07.data     13809749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     13809749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.data        11275                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        11275                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu07.data         1666                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1666                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu07.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu07.data           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu07.data            8                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            8                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu07.data        12941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total        12941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu07.data        12946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total        12946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.006563                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006563                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.013205                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013205                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.600000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.600000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.007418                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007418                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.007647                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007647                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu07.data 104959.445946                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104959.445946                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu07.data 274670.454545                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 274670.454545                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu07.data 34597.400000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34597.400000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu07.data  4812.500000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4812.500000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu07.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu07.data 143851.552083                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 143851.552083                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu07.data 139492.414141                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 139492.414141                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           95                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    47.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu07.data           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu07.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu07.data           61                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu07.data           61                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           61                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu07.data           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu07.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu07.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu07.data           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu07.data            8                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu07.data           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu07.data           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.data      2605501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2605501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.data      1939000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1939000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.data        18500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        18500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.data       463539                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       463539                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.data        29500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        29500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.data       269500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       269500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.data      4544501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4544501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.data      4563001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4563001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.002483                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002483                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.004202                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004202                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu07.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu07.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.002705                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002705                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.002858                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002858                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.data 93053.607143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93053.607143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.data       277000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       277000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.data         9250                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9250                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.data 30902.600000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30902.600000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.data  3687.500000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3687.500000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.data 129842.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 129842.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.data 123324.351351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 123324.351351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tags.tagsinuse          15.077988                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.tags.total_refs              1803                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.sampled_refs              53                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.avg_refs           34.018868                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst    15.077988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.029449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.029449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.103516                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.tag_accesses            3817                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu07.icache.tags.data_accesses           3817                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.inst         1803                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          1803                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::cpu07.inst         1803                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total           1803                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::cpu07.inst         1803                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total          1803                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.inst           79                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           79                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::cpu07.inst           79                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           79                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::cpu07.inst           79                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           79                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu07.inst     10548750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10548750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu07.inst     10548750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10548750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu07.inst     10548750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10548750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.inst         1882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::cpu07.inst         1882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total         1882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::cpu07.inst         1882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total         1882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.041977                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.041977                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.041977                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.041977                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.041977                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.041977                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu07.inst 133528.481013                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 133528.481013                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu07.inst 133528.481013                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 133528.481013                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu07.inst 133528.481013                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 133528.481013                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          129                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    64.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu07.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu07.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu07.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu07.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu07.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu07.inst           53                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.inst      7498250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7498250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.inst      7498250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7498250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.inst      7498250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7498250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.028162                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028162                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.028162                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028162                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.028162                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028162                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.inst 141476.415094                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 141476.415094                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.inst 141476.415094                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 141476.415094                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.inst 141476.415094                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 141476.415094                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.branchPred.lookups                 20479                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu08.branchPred.condPredicted           19495                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu08.branchPred.condIncorrect             187                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu08.branchPred.BTBLookups              16633                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu08.branchPred.BTBHits                 10370                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu08.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu08.branchPred.BTBHitPct           62.345939                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu08.branchPred.usedRAS                   464                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu08.branchPred.RASInCorrect                1                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                          38142                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.fetch.icacheStallCycles             3581                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu08.fetch.Insts                        83887                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu08.fetch.Branches                     20479                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu08.fetch.predictedBranches            10834                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu08.fetch.Cycles                       25618                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu08.fetch.SquashCycles                   545                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu08.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu08.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles            1                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu08.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu08.fetch.CacheLines                    1770                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu08.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  65                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::samples            29493                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::mean            2.983555                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::stdev           3.751310                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::0                  17385     58.95%     58.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::1                    375      1.27%     60.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::2                    119      0.40%     60.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::3                    462      1.57%     62.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::4                    334      1.13%     63.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::5                    427      1.45%     64.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::6                    282      0.96%     65.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::7                     40      0.14%     65.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::8                  10069     34.14%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::total              29493                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.branchRate                0.536915                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu08.fetch.rate                      2.199334                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu08.decode.IdleCycles                   5849                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu08.decode.BlockedCycles               12565                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu08.decode.RunCycles                    3192                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu08.decode.UnblockCycles                7642                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu08.decode.SquashCycles                  244                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu08.decode.BranchResolved                446                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu08.decode.BranchMispred                  28                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu08.decode.DecodedInsts                81718                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu08.decode.SquashedInsts                  93                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu08.rename.SquashCycles                  244                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu08.rename.IdleCycles                   6413                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu08.rename.BlockCycles                  2196                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu08.rename.serializeStallCycles         5657                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu08.rename.RunCycles                   10187                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu08.rename.UnblockCycles                4795                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu08.rename.RenamedInsts                80223                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu08.rename.ROBFullEvents                   4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu08.rename.IQFullEvents                 4348                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu08.rename.LQFullEvents                    8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu08.rename.RenamedOperands            142226                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu08.rename.RenameLookups              389180                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu08.rename.int_rename_lookups         107853                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu08.rename.CommittedMaps              129212                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu08.rename.UndoneMaps                  13013                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu08.rename.serializingInsts              117                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          115                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu08.rename.skidInsts                   12028                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu08.memDep0.insertedLoads              10935                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu08.memDep0.insertedStores              1843                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu08.memDep0.conflictingLoads             945                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu08.memDep0.conflictingStores           1022                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu08.iq.iqInstsAdded                    78981                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               211                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu08.iq.iqInstsIssued                   74778                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             549                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          6893                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        22822                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           22                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        29493                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       2.535449                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      1.869416                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              9683     32.83%     32.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               909      3.08%     35.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2               741      2.51%     38.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3               253      0.86%     39.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             17907     60.72%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         29493                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               62531     83.62%     83.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.00%     83.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     83.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     83.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     83.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     83.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     83.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     83.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     83.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     83.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     83.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     83.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     83.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     83.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     83.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     83.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     83.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     83.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     83.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     83.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     83.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     83.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     83.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              10580     14.15%     97.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              1664      2.23%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::total                74778                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.rate                         1.960516                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu08.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu08.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           179598                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           86091                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        74360                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu08.iq.int_alu_accesses                74778                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              9                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          949                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            6                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          301                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           93                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           36                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu08.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu08.iew.iewSquashCycles                  244                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu08.iew.iewBlockCycles                   727                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu08.iew.iewUnblockCycles                1338                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             79195                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              96                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               10935                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               1843                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              103                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu08.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                1338                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            6                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           90                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           74                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu08.iew.branchMispredicts                164                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu08.iew.iewExecutedInsts               74699                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               10559                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              79                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu08.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu08.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu08.iew.exec_refs                      12195                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu08.iew.exec_branches                  17569                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu08.iew.exec_stores                     1636                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu08.iew.exec_rate                   1.958445                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu08.iew.wb_sent                        74461                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu08.iew.wb_count                       74360                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu08.iew.wb_producers                   53149                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu08.iew.wb_consumers                  107908                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu08.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu08.iew.wb_rate                     1.949557                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu08.iew.wb_fanout                   0.492540                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu08.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu08.commit.commitSquashedInsts          6827                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           189                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu08.commit.branchMispredicts             159                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        28521                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.534939                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.448884                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        10258     35.97%     35.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         2635      9.24%     45.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2          360      1.26%     46.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         6469     22.68%     69.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          205      0.72%     69.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         6457     22.64%     92.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          250      0.88%     93.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          164      0.58%     93.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         1723      6.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        28521                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committedInsts              69862                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.commit.committedOps                72299                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu08.commit.refs                        11528                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu08.commit.loads                        9986                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu08.commit.membars                        91                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu08.commit.branches                    17206                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu08.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu08.commit.int_insts                   55515                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu08.commit.function_calls                256                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          60769     84.05%     84.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          9986     13.81%     97.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         1542      2.13%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::total           72299                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.bw_lim_events                1723                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu08.rob.rob_reads                     104871                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu08.rob.rob_writes                    159301                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu08.timesIdled                            41                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu08.idleCycles                          8649                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu08.quiesceCycles                      61945                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu08.committedInsts                     69862                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu08.committedOps                       72299                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu08.cpi                             0.545962                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu08.cpi_total                       0.545962                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu08.ipc                             1.831629                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu08.ipc_total                       1.831629                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu08.int_regfile_reads                  99893                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu08.int_regfile_writes                 31032                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu08.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu08.cc_regfile_reads                  255078                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu08.cc_regfile_writes                 101833                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu08.misc_regfile_reads                 13472                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu08.misc_regfile_writes                   75                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           8.560536                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.total_refs             11800                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              27                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.avg_refs          437.037037                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.data     8.560536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.008360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.008360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.026367                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           23934                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.data_accesses          23934                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.data        10298                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         10298                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu08.data         1500                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         1500                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu08.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu08.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::cpu08.data        11798                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total          11798                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::cpu08.data        11800                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total         11800                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.data           90                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           90                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu08.data           22                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           22                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu08.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu08.data           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu08.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::cpu08.data          112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total          112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::cpu08.data          115                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total          115                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu08.data      9441136                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9441136                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu08.data      6846000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6846000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu08.data       944927                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       944927                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu08.data        38500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        38500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu08.data       106999                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       106999                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu08.data     16287136                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     16287136                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu08.data     16287136                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     16287136                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.data        10388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        10388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu08.data         1522                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1522                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu08.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu08.data           19                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           19                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu08.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu08.data        11910                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total        11910                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu08.data        11915                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total        11915                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.008664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.014455                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014455                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.600000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.600000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.947368                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.947368                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.009404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.009652                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009652                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu08.data 104901.511111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104901.511111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu08.data 311181.818182                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 311181.818182                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu08.data 52495.944444                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52495.944444                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu08.data         7700                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total         7700                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu08.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu08.data 145420.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 145420.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu08.data 141627.269565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 141627.269565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          218                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          109                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu08.data           62                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           62                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu08.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu08.data           77                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           77                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu08.data           77                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           77                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu08.data           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu08.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu08.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu08.data           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu08.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu08.data           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu08.data           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.data      2770006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2770006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.data      2186250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2186250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.data        19000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        19000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.data       878573                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       878573                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.data        29500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        29500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.data        99501                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        99501                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.data      4956256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4956256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.data      4975256                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4975256                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.002695                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002695                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.004599                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004599                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu08.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.002939                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002939                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.003105                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003105                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.data 98928.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98928.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.data 312321.428571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 312321.428571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.data         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.data 48809.611111                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48809.611111                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.data         5900                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         5900                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.data 141607.314286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 141607.314286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.data 134466.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 134466.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tags.tagsinuse          14.666886                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.tags.total_refs              1691                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.sampled_refs              53                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.avg_refs           31.905660                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst    14.666886                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.028646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.028646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.103516                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.tag_accesses            3593                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu08.icache.tags.data_accesses           3593                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.inst         1691                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          1691                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::cpu08.inst         1691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total           1691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::cpu08.inst         1691                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total          1691                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.inst           79                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           79                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::cpu08.inst           79                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           79                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::cpu08.inst           79                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           79                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu08.inst     10406750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10406750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu08.inst     10406750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10406750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu08.inst     10406750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10406750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.inst         1770                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1770                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::cpu08.inst         1770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total         1770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::cpu08.inst         1770                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total         1770                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.044633                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.044633                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.044633                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.044633                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.044633                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.044633                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu08.inst 131731.012658                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131731.012658                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu08.inst 131731.012658                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 131731.012658                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu08.inst 131731.012658                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 131731.012658                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          152                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          152                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu08.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu08.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu08.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu08.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu08.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu08.inst           53                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.inst      8034750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8034750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.inst      8034750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8034750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.inst      8034750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8034750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.029944                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029944                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.029944                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029944                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.029944                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029944                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.inst 151599.056604                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 151599.056604                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.inst 151599.056604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 151599.056604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.inst 151599.056604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 151599.056604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.branchPred.lookups                 20295                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu09.branchPred.condPredicted           19332                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu09.branchPred.condIncorrect             176                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu09.branchPred.BTBLookups              19755                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu09.branchPred.BTBHits                 10276                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu09.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu09.branchPred.BTBHitPct           52.017211                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu09.branchPred.usedRAS                   458                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu09.branchPred.RASInCorrect                1                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                          36984                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.fetch.icacheStallCycles             3862                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu09.fetch.Insts                        82999                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu09.fetch.Branches                     20295                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu09.fetch.predictedBranches            10734                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu09.fetch.Cycles                       24855                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu09.fetch.SquashCycles                   521                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu09.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu09.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles            1                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu09.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           22                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu09.fetch.CacheLines                    1715                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu09.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  63                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::samples            29009                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::mean            2.998518                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::stdev           3.756108                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::0                  17041     58.74%     58.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::1                    380      1.31%     60.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::2                    131      0.45%     60.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::3                    434      1.50%     62.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::4                    324      1.12%     63.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::5                    421      1.45%     64.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::6                    271      0.93%     65.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::7                     43      0.15%     65.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::8                   9964     34.35%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::total              29009                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.branchRate                0.548751                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu09.fetch.rate                      2.244187                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu09.decode.IdleCycles                   5624                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu09.decode.BlockedCycles               12467                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu09.decode.RunCycles                    3346                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu09.decode.UnblockCycles                7339                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu09.decode.SquashCycles                  232                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu09.decode.BranchResolved                428                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu09.decode.BranchMispred                  28                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu09.decode.DecodedInsts                80685                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu09.decode.SquashedInsts                 109                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu09.rename.SquashCycles                  232                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu09.rename.IdleCycles                   6297                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu09.rename.BlockCycles                   765                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu09.rename.serializeStallCycles         6908                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu09.rename.RunCycles                    9932                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu09.rename.UnblockCycles                4874                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu09.rename.RenamedInsts                79235                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu09.rename.ROBFullEvents                   4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu09.rename.IQFullEvents                 4324                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu09.rename.RenamedOperands            140719                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu09.rename.RenameLookups              384377                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu09.rename.int_rename_lookups         106555                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu09.rename.CommittedMaps              128125                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu09.rename.UndoneMaps                  12583                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu09.rename.serializingInsts              120                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          120                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu09.rename.skidInsts                   12910                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu09.memDep0.insertedLoads              10791                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu09.memDep0.insertedStores              1778                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu09.memDep0.conflictingLoads             916                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu09.memDep0.conflictingStores            987                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu09.iq.iqInstsAdded                    78080                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               217                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu09.iq.iqInstsIssued                   73987                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             535                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          6570                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        22267                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        29009                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       2.550484                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      1.864704                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              9405     32.42%     32.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               912      3.14%     35.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2               717      2.47%     38.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3               259      0.89%     38.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             17716     61.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         29009                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               61910     83.68%     83.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.00%     83.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     83.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     83.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     83.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     83.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     83.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     83.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     83.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     83.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     83.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     83.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     83.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     83.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     83.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     83.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     83.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     83.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     83.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     83.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     83.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     83.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     83.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              10430     14.10%     97.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              1644      2.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::total                73987                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.rate                         2.000514                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu09.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu09.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           177518                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           84872                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        73587                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu09.iq.int_alu_accesses                73987                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              6                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          885                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            5                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          231                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           89                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           35                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu09.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu09.iew.iewSquashCycles                  232                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu09.iew.iewBlockCycles                   694                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu09.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   1                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             78300                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              80                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               10791                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               1778                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              114                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu09.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                   0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            5                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           85                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           65                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu09.iew.branchMispredicts                150                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu09.iew.iewExecutedInsts               73914                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               10403                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              73                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu09.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu09.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu09.iew.exec_refs                      12021                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu09.iew.exec_branches                  17394                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu09.iew.exec_stores                     1618                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu09.iew.exec_rate                   1.998540                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu09.iew.wb_sent                        73679                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu09.iew.wb_count                       73587                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu09.iew.wb_producers                   52590                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu09.iew.wb_consumers                  106920                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu09.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu09.iew.wb_rate                     1.989698                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu09.iew.wb_fanout                   0.491863                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu09.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu09.commit.commitSquashedInsts          6508                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           197                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu09.commit.branchMispredicts             148                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        28085                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.553926                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.503050                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0         9952     35.44%     35.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         3092     11.01%     46.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2          300      1.07%     47.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         6014     21.41%     68.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          169      0.60%     69.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         6169     21.97%     91.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          248      0.88%     92.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          144      0.51%     92.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         1997      7.11%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        28085                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committedInsts              69303                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.commit.committedOps                71727                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu09.commit.refs                        11453                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu09.commit.loads                        9906                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu09.commit.membars                        89                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu09.commit.branches                    17063                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu09.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu09.commit.int_insts                   55085                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu09.commit.function_calls                255                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          60272     84.03%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          9906     13.81%     97.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         1547      2.16%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::total           71727                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.bw_lim_events                1997                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu09.rob.rob_reads                     103270                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu09.rob.rob_writes                    157465                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu09.timesIdled                            40                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu09.idleCycles                          7975                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu09.quiesceCycles                      63103                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu09.committedInsts                     69303                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu09.committedOps                       71727                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu09.cpi                             0.533657                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu09.cpi_total                       0.533657                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu09.ipc                             1.873864                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu09.ipc_total                       1.873864                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu09.int_regfile_reads                  98864                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu09.int_regfile_writes                 30687                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu09.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu09.cc_regfile_reads                  252312                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu09.cc_regfile_writes                 100853                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu09.misc_regfile_reads                 13313                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu09.misc_regfile_writes                  114                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           8.370666                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.total_refs             11681                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              26                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.avg_refs          449.269231                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.data     8.370666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.008174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.008174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.025391                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           23651                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.data_accesses          23651                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.data        10184                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         10184                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu09.data         1495                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         1495                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu09.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu09.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::cpu09.data        11679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total          11679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::cpu09.data        11681                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total         11681                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.data           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu09.data           22                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           22                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu09.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu09.data           26                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           26                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu09.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::cpu09.data           73                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total           73                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::cpu09.data           76                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total           76                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu09.data      6124999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6124999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu09.data      3278750                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3278750                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu09.data       925903                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       925903                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu09.data       147500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       147500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu09.data       432000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       432000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu09.data      9403749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      9403749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu09.data      9403749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      9403749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.data        10235                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        10235                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu09.data         1517                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1517                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu09.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu09.data           29                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           29                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu09.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu09.data        11752                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total        11752                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu09.data        11757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total        11757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.004983                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004983                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.014502                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014502                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.600000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.600000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.896552                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.896552                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.006212                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006212                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.006464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu09.data 120098.019608                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120098.019608                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu09.data 149034.090909                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 149034.090909                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu09.data 35611.653846                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35611.653846                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu09.data 21071.428571                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21071.428571                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu09.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu09.data 128818.479452                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 128818.479452                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu09.data 123733.539474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123733.539474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          158                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          158                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu09.data           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu09.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu09.data           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu09.data           39                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu09.data           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu09.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu09.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu09.data           26                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu09.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu09.data           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu09.data           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.data      2464501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2464501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.data      1014000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1014000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.data        18000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        18000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.data       830597                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       830597                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.data       138500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       138500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.data       420000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       420000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.data      3478501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3478501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.data      3496501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3496501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.002638                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002638                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.004614                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004614                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.896552                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.896552                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu09.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.002893                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002893                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.003062                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003062                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.data 91277.814815                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91277.814815                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.data 144857.142857                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 144857.142857                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.data         9000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.data 31946.038462                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31946.038462                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.data 19785.714286                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19785.714286                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.data 102308.852941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102308.852941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.data 97125.027778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97125.027778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tags.tagsinuse          14.371453                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.tags.total_refs              1642                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.sampled_refs              52                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.avg_refs           31.576923                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst    14.371453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.028069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.028069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.101562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.tag_accesses            3482                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu09.icache.tags.data_accesses           3482                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.inst         1642                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          1642                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::cpu09.inst         1642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total           1642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::cpu09.inst         1642                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total          1642                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.inst           73                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           73                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::cpu09.inst           73                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           73                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::cpu09.inst           73                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           73                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu09.inst      9350750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9350750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu09.inst      9350750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9350750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu09.inst      9350750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9350750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.inst         1715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::cpu09.inst         1715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total         1715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::cpu09.inst         1715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total         1715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.042566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.042566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.042566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.042566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.042566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.042566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu09.inst 128092.465753                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128092.465753                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu09.inst 128092.465753                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 128092.465753                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu09.inst 128092.465753                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 128092.465753                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          135                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    67.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu09.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu09.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu09.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu09.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu09.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu09.inst           52                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.inst      7578250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7578250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.inst      7578250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7578250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.inst      7578250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7578250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.030321                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030321                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.030321                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030321                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.030321                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030321                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.inst 145735.576923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 145735.576923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.inst 145735.576923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 145735.576923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.inst 145735.576923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 145735.576923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.branchPred.lookups                 19761                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu10.branchPred.condPredicted           18792                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu10.branchPred.condIncorrect             187                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu10.branchPred.BTBLookups              15705                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu10.branchPred.BTBHits                 10011                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu10.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu10.branchPred.BTBHitPct           63.744031                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu10.branchPred.usedRAS                   449                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu10.branchPred.RASInCorrect                1                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                          36170                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.fetch.icacheStallCycles             4284                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu10.fetch.Insts                        80946                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu10.fetch.Branches                     19761                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu10.fetch.predictedBranches            10460                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu10.fetch.Cycles                       24178                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu10.fetch.SquashCycles                   537                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu10.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu10.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles            1                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu10.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu10.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu10.fetch.CacheLines                    1730                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu10.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  64                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::samples            28752                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::mean            2.955064                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::stdev           3.743256                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::0                  17044     59.28%     59.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::1                    368      1.28%     60.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::2                    124      0.43%     60.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::3                    450      1.57%     62.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::4                    327      1.14%     63.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::5                    413      1.44%     65.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::6                    271      0.94%     66.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::7                     41      0.14%     66.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::8                   9714     33.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::total              28752                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.branchRate                0.546337                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu10.fetch.rate                      2.237932                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu10.decode.IdleCycles                   5631                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu10.decode.BlockedCycles               12417                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu10.decode.RunCycles                    3181                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu10.decode.UnblockCycles                7283                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu10.decode.SquashCycles                  239                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu10.decode.BranchResolved                440                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu10.decode.BranchMispred                  29                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu10.decode.DecodedInsts                78869                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu10.decode.SquashedInsts                 101                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu10.rename.SquashCycles                  239                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu10.rename.IdleCycles                   6218                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu10.rename.BlockCycles                   740                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu10.rename.serializeStallCycles         7117                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu10.rename.RunCycles                    9797                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu10.rename.UnblockCycles                4640                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu10.rename.RenamedInsts                77412                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu10.rename.ROBFullEvents                   4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu10.rename.IQFullEvents                 4176                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu10.rename.RenamedOperands            137106                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu10.rename.RenameLookups              375506                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu10.rename.int_rename_lookups         104035                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu10.rename.CommittedMaps              124763                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu10.rename.UndoneMaps                  12343                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu10.rename.serializingInsts              120                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          118                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu10.rename.skidInsts                   11977                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu10.memDep0.insertedLoads              10530                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu10.memDep0.insertedStores              1816                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu10.memDep0.conflictingLoads             894                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu10.memDep0.conflictingStores            995                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu10.iq.iqInstsAdded                    76177                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               212                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu10.iq.iqInstsIssued                   72139                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             520                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          6570                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        22025                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           25                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        28752                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       2.509008                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      1.877446                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              9630     33.49%     33.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               906      3.15%     36.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2               697      2.42%     39.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3               237      0.82%     39.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             17282     60.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         28752                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               60333     83.63%     83.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.00%     83.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     83.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     83.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     83.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     83.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     83.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     83.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     83.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     83.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     83.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     83.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     83.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     83.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     83.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     83.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     83.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     83.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     83.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     83.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     83.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     83.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     83.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              10184     14.12%     97.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              1619      2.24%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::total                72139                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.rate                         1.994443                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu10.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu10.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           173550                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           82968                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        71723                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu10.iq.int_alu_accesses                72139                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              4                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          892                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            9                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          323                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           92                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           31                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu10.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu10.iew.iewSquashCycles                  239                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu10.iew.iewBlockCycles                   698                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu10.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             76392                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             104                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               10530                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               1816                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              106                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu10.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                   0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            9                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           89                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           74                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu10.iew.branchMispredicts                163                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu10.iew.iewExecutedInsts               72051                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               10158                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              88                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu10.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu10.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu10.iew.exec_refs                      11748                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu10.iew.exec_branches                  16960                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu10.iew.exec_stores                     1590                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu10.iew.exec_rate                   1.992010                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu10.iew.wb_sent                        71815                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu10.iew.wb_count                       71723                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu10.iew.wb_producers                   51245                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu10.iew.wb_consumers                  104036                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu10.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu10.iew.wb_rate                     1.982942                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu10.iew.wb_fanout                   0.492570                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu10.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu10.commit.commitSquashedInsts          6572                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           187                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu10.commit.branchMispredicts             158                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        27814                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.510211                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.484458                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        10142     36.46%     36.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         2863     10.29%     46.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2          369      1.33%     48.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         5948     21.38%     69.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          197      0.71%     70.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         6022     21.65%     91.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          256      0.92%     92.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          196      0.70%     93.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         1821      6.55%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        27814                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committedInsts              67476                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.commit.committedOps                69819                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu10.commit.refs                        11131                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu10.commit.loads                        9638                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu10.commit.membars                        87                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu10.commit.branches                    16616                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu10.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu10.commit.int_insts                   53609                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu10.commit.function_calls                247                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          58686     84.05%     84.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          9638     13.80%     97.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         1493      2.14%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::total           69819                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.bw_lim_events                1821                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu10.rob.rob_reads                     101375                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu10.rob.rob_writes                    153721                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu10.timesIdled                            40                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu10.idleCycles                          7418                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu10.quiesceCycles                      63917                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu10.committedInsts                     67476                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu10.committedOps                       69819                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu10.cpi                             0.536042                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu10.cpi_total                       0.536042                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu10.ipc                             1.865524                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu10.ipc_total                       1.865524                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu10.int_regfile_reads                  96333                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu10.int_regfile_writes                 29905                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu10.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu10.cc_regfile_reads                  245967                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu10.cc_regfile_writes                  98215                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu10.misc_regfile_reads                 13014                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu10.misc_regfile_writes                   92                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           8.674117                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.total_refs             11362                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              28                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.avg_refs          405.785714                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.data     8.674117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.008471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.008471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.027344                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           23071                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.data_accesses          23071                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.data         9911                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          9911                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu10.data         1449                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         1449                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu10.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu10.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::cpu10.data        11360                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total          11360                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::cpu10.data        11362                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total         11362                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.data           87                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           87                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu10.data           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu10.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu10.data           23                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           23                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu10.data            8                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            8                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::cpu10.data          106                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total          106                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::cpu10.data          109                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total          109                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu10.data      6120949                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6120949                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu10.data      3309750                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3309750                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu10.data      1286430                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1286430                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu10.data        44000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        44000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu10.data       327000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       327000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu10.data      9430699                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      9430699                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu10.data      9430699                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      9430699                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.data         9998                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9998                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu10.data         1468                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1468                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu10.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu10.data           24                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           24                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu10.data            8                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            8                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu10.data        11466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total        11466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu10.data        11471                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total        11471                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.008702                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008702                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.012943                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012943                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.600000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.600000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.958333                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.958333                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.009245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.009502                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009502                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu10.data 70355.735632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70355.735632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu10.data 174197.368421                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 174197.368421                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu10.data 55931.739130                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55931.739130                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu10.data         5500                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total         5500                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu10.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu10.data 88968.858491                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 88968.858491                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu10.data 86520.174312                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86520.174312                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          131                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    65.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu10.data           58                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           58                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu10.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu10.data           70                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           70                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu10.data           70                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           70                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu10.data           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu10.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu10.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu10.data           23                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu10.data            8                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu10.data           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu10.data           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.data      2123256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2123256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.data      1001000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1001000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.data        20000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        20000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.data      1198570                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1198570                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.data        35000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        35000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.data       312000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       312000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.data      3124256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3124256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.data      3144256                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3144256                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.002901                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002901                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.004768                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004768                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu10.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.003140                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003140                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.003313                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003313                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.data 73215.724138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73215.724138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.data       143000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       143000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.data        10000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        10000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.data 52111.739130                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52111.739130                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.data         4375                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         4375                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.data 86784.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86784.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.data 82743.578947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82743.578947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tagsinuse          14.241396                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.tags.total_refs              1652                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.sampled_refs              53                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.avg_refs           31.169811                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst    14.241396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.027815                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.027815                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.103516                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tag_accesses            3513                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.icache.tags.data_accesses           3513                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.inst         1652                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          1652                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::cpu10.inst         1652                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total           1652                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::cpu10.inst         1652                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total          1652                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.inst           78                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::cpu10.inst           78                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           78                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::cpu10.inst           78                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           78                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu10.inst      9587750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9587750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu10.inst      9587750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9587750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu10.inst      9587750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9587750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.inst         1730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::cpu10.inst         1730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total         1730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::cpu10.inst         1730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total         1730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.045087                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.045087                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.045087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.045087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.045087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.045087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu10.inst 122919.871795                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122919.871795                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu10.inst 122919.871795                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122919.871795                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu10.inst 122919.871795                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122919.871795                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          160                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           80                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu10.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu10.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu10.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu10.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu10.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu10.inst           53                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.inst      7569750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7569750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.inst      7569750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7569750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.inst      7569750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7569750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.030636                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030636                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.030636                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030636                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.030636                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030636                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.inst 142825.471698                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 142825.471698                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.inst 142825.471698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 142825.471698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.inst 142825.471698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 142825.471698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.branchPred.lookups                 16675                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu11.branchPred.condPredicted           15846                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu11.branchPred.condIncorrect             166                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu11.branchPred.BTBLookups              13854                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu11.branchPred.BTBHits                  8454                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu11.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu11.branchPred.BTBHitPct           61.022087                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu11.branchPred.usedRAS                   383                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu11.branchPred.RASInCorrect                1                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                          35479                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.fetch.icacheStallCycles             3075                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu11.fetch.Insts                        68312                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu11.fetch.Branches                     16675                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu11.fetch.predictedBranches             8837                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu11.fetch.Cycles                       23702                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu11.fetch.SquashCycles                   475                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu11.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu11.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles            1                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu11.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu11.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu11.fetch.CacheLines                    1477                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu11.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  66                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::samples            27036                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::mean            2.654165                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::stdev           3.658688                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::0                  17165     63.49%     63.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::1                    289      1.07%     64.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::2                     92      0.34%     64.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::3                    395      1.46%     66.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::4                    285      1.05%     67.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::5                    343      1.27%     68.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::6                    239      0.88%     69.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::7                     13      0.05%     69.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::8                   8215     30.39%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::total              27036                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.branchRate                0.469996                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu11.fetch.rate                      1.925421                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu11.decode.IdleCycles                   5046                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu11.decode.BlockedCycles               12934                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu11.decode.RunCycles                    2580                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu11.decode.UnblockCycles                6265                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu11.decode.SquashCycles                  210                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu11.decode.BranchResolved                385                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu11.decode.BranchMispred                  27                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu11.decode.DecodedInsts                66636                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu11.decode.SquashedInsts                  93                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu11.rename.SquashCycles                  210                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu11.rename.IdleCycles                   5480                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu11.rename.BlockCycles                  3235                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu11.rename.serializeStallCycles         5905                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu11.rename.RunCycles                    8343                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu11.rename.UnblockCycles                3862                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu11.rename.RenamedInsts                65405                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu11.rename.ROBFullEvents                   4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu11.rename.IQFullEvents                 3510                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu11.rename.LQFullEvents                    8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu11.rename.RenamedOperands            115595                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu11.rename.RenameLookups              317202                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu11.rename.int_rename_lookups          87847                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu11.rename.CommittedMaps              104641                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu11.rename.UndoneMaps                  10950                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu11.rename.serializingInsts              111                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          109                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu11.rename.skidInsts                    9451                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu11.memDep0.insertedLoads               8947                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu11.memDep0.insertedStores              1589                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu11.memDep0.conflictingLoads             790                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu11.memDep0.conflictingStores            866                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu11.iq.iqInstsAdded                    64356                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               187                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu11.iq.iqInstsIssued                   60825                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             476                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          5903                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        19325                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        27036                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       2.249778                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      1.930513                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0             10835     40.08%     40.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               825      3.05%     43.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2               643      2.38%     45.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3               218      0.81%     46.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             14515     53.69%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         27036                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               50773     83.47%     83.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.00%     83.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     83.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     83.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     83.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     83.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     83.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     83.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     83.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     83.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     83.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     83.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     83.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     83.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     83.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     83.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     83.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     83.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     83.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     83.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     83.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     83.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     83.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               8647     14.22%     97.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              1402      2.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::total                60825                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.rate                         1.714394                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu11.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu11.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           149162                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           70456                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        60457                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu11.iq.int_alu_accesses                60825                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              9                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          826                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          299                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           78                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           37                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu11.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu11.iew.iewSquashCycles                  210                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu11.iew.iewBlockCycles                   621                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu11.iew.iewUnblockCycles                2545                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             64546                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              56                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                8947                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               1589                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               99                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu11.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                2545                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           76                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           69                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu11.iew.branchMispredicts                145                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu11.iew.iewExecutedInsts               60753                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                8630                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              72                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu11.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu11.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu11.iew.exec_refs                      10005                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu11.iew.exec_branches                  14263                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu11.iew.exec_stores                     1375                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu11.iew.exec_rate                   1.712365                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu11.iew.wb_sent                        60542                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu11.iew.wb_count                       60457                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu11.iew.wb_producers                   43126                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu11.iew.wb_consumers                   87532                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu11.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu11.iew.wb_rate                     1.704022                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu11.iew.wb_fanout                   0.492688                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu11.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu11.commit.commitSquashedInsts          5844                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           172                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu11.commit.branchMispredicts             139                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        26204                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.237826                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.418348                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        11317     43.19%     43.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         2060      7.86%     51.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2          326      1.24%     52.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         5382     20.54%     72.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          206      0.79%     73.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         5296     20.21%     93.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          178      0.68%     94.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          102      0.39%     94.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         1337      5.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        26204                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committedInsts              56633                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.commit.committedOps                58640                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu11.commit.refs                         9411                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu11.commit.loads                        8121                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu11.commit.membars                        76                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu11.commit.branches                    13938                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu11.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu11.commit.int_insts                   45050                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu11.commit.function_calls                212                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          49227     83.95%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          8121     13.85%     97.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         1290      2.20%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::total           58640                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.bw_lim_events                1337                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu11.rob.rob_reads                      88493                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu11.rob.rob_writes                    129870                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu11.timesIdled                            42                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu11.idleCycles                          8443                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu11.quiesceCycles                      64608                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu11.committedInsts                     56633                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu11.committedOps                       58640                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu11.cpi                             0.626472                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu11.cpi_total                       0.626472                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu11.ipc                             1.596240                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu11.ipc_total                       1.596240                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu11.int_regfile_reads                  81134                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu11.int_regfile_writes                 25334                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu11.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu11.cc_regfile_reads                  207573                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu11.cc_regfile_writes                  82482                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu11.misc_regfile_reads                 11240                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu11.misc_regfile_writes                  127                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           8.693860                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.total_refs              9602                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              29                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.avg_refs          331.103448                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.data     8.693860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.008490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.008490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.028320                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           19591                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.data_accesses          19591                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.data         8365                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          8365                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu11.data         1235                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         1235                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu11.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu11.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::cpu11.data         9600                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total           9600                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::cpu11.data         9602                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total          9602                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.data           96                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           96                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu11.data           22                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           22                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu11.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu11.data           28                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           28                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu11.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::cpu11.data          118                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total          118                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::cpu11.data          121                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total          121                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu11.data     10570249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10570249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu11.data      8430000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8430000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu11.data       983406                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       983406                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu11.data        37499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        37499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu11.data       379500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       379500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu11.data     19000249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     19000249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu11.data     19000249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     19000249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.data         8461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         8461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu11.data         1257                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1257                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu11.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu11.data           31                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           31                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu11.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu11.data         9718                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total         9718                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu11.data         9723                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total         9723                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.011346                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011346                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.017502                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.017502                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.600000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.600000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.903226                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.903226                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.012142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.012445                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012445                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu11.data 110106.760417                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110106.760417                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu11.data 383181.818182                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 383181.818182                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu11.data 35121.642857                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35121.642857                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu11.data         5357                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total         5357                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu11.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu11.data 161019.059322                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161019.059322                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu11.data 157026.851240                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157026.851240                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          159                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           53                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu11.data           67                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           67                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu11.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu11.data           82                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           82                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu11.data           82                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           82                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu11.data           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu11.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu11.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu11.data           28                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu11.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu11.data           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu11.data           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.data      2828001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2828001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.data      2778250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2778250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.data        19000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        19000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.data       881594                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       881594                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.data        27001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        27001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.data       367500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       367500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.data      5606251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5606251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.data      5625251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5625251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.003427                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003427                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.005569                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005569                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.903226                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.903226                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu11.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.003704                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003704                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.003908                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003908                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.data 97517.275862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97517.275862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.data 396892.857143                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 396892.857143                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.data         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.data 31485.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31485.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.data  3857.285714                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3857.285714                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.data 155729.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155729.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.data 148032.921053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 148032.921053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tagsinuse          13.625601                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.tags.total_refs              1399                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.sampled_refs              52                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.avg_refs           26.903846                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst    13.625601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.026613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.026613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.101562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tag_accesses            3006                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.icache.tags.data_accesses           3006                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.inst         1399                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          1399                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::cpu11.inst         1399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total           1399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::cpu11.inst         1399                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total          1399                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.inst           78                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::cpu11.inst           78                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           78                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::cpu11.inst           78                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           78                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu11.inst      9633250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9633250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu11.inst      9633250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9633250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu11.inst      9633250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9633250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.inst         1477                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1477                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::cpu11.inst         1477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total         1477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::cpu11.inst         1477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total         1477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.052810                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.052810                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.052810                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.052810                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.052810                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.052810                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu11.inst 123503.205128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123503.205128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu11.inst 123503.205128                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123503.205128                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu11.inst 123503.205128                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123503.205128                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          192                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          192                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu11.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu11.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu11.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu11.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu11.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu11.inst           52                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.inst      7409250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7409250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.inst      7409250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7409250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.inst      7409250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7409250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.035206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.035206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.035206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.inst 142485.576923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 142485.576923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.inst 142485.576923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 142485.576923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.inst 142485.576923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 142485.576923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.branchPred.lookups                 16011                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu12.branchPred.condPredicted           15212                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu12.branchPred.condIncorrect             163                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu12.branchPred.BTBLookups              13050                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu12.branchPred.BTBHits                  8110                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu12.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu12.branchPred.BTBHitPct           62.145594                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu12.branchPred.usedRAS                   366                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu12.branchPred.RASInCorrect                1                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                          34680                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.fetch.icacheStallCycles             3092                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu12.fetch.Insts                        65602                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu12.fetch.Branches                     16011                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu12.fetch.predictedBranches             8476                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu12.fetch.Cycles                       22712                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu12.fetch.SquashCycles                   461                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu12.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu12.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles            1                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu12.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu12.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu12.fetch.CacheLines                    1421                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu12.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  66                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::samples            26056                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::mean            2.644804                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::stdev           3.656104                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::0                  16580     63.63%     63.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::1                    276      1.06%     64.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::2                     90      0.35%     65.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::3                    376      1.44%     66.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::4                    272      1.04%     67.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::5                    328      1.26%     68.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::6                    229      0.88%     69.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::7                     13      0.05%     69.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::8                   7892     30.29%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::total              26056                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.branchRate                0.461678                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu12.fetch.rate                      1.891638                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu12.decode.IdleCycles                   4855                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu12.decode.BlockedCycles               12500                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu12.decode.RunCycles                    2525                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu12.decode.UnblockCycles                5972                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu12.decode.SquashCycles                  203                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu12.decode.BranchResolved                372                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu12.decode.BranchMispred                  27                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu12.decode.DecodedInsts                64037                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu12.decode.SquashedInsts                  93                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu12.rename.SquashCycles                  203                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu12.rename.IdleCycles                   5295                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu12.rename.BlockCycles                  3066                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu12.rename.serializeStallCycles         5775                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu12.rename.RunCycles                    7993                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu12.rename.UnblockCycles                3723                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu12.rename.RenamedInsts                62853                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu12.rename.ROBFullEvents                   4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu12.rename.IQFullEvents                 3361                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu12.rename.LQFullEvents                    8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu12.rename.RenamedOperands            111067                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu12.rename.RenameLookups              304825                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu12.rename.int_rename_lookups          84425                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu12.rename.CommittedMaps              100809                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu12.rename.UndoneMaps                  10258                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu12.rename.serializingInsts              107                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          105                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu12.rename.skidInsts                    9214                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu12.memDep0.insertedLoads               8588                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu12.memDep0.insertedStores              1536                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu12.memDep0.conflictingLoads             744                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu12.memDep0.conflictingStores            825                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu12.iq.iqInstsAdded                    61862                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               178                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu12.iq.iqInstsIssued                   58472                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             451                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          5600                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        18595                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        26056                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       2.244090                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      1.932537                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0             10503     40.31%     40.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               775      2.97%     43.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2               603      2.31%     45.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3               209      0.80%     46.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             13966     53.60%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         26056                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               48828     83.51%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.01%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               8300     14.19%     97.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              1341      2.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::total                58472                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.rate                         1.686044                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu12.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu12.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           143451                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           67650                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        58114                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu12.iq.int_alu_accesses                58472                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              9                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          789                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          320                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           76                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           35                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu12.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu12.iew.iewSquashCycles                  203                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu12.iew.iewBlockCycles                   594                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu12.iew.iewUnblockCycles                2369                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             62043                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              56                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                8588                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               1536                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               94                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu12.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                2369                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           74                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           66                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu12.iew.branchMispredicts                140                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu12.iew.iewExecutedInsts               58402                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                8283                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              70                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu12.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu12.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu12.iew.exec_refs                       9597                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu12.iew.exec_branches                  13723                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu12.iew.exec_stores                     1314                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu12.iew.exec_rate                   1.684025                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu12.iew.wb_sent                        58194                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu12.iew.wb_count                       58114                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu12.iew.wb_producers                   41470                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu12.iew.wb_consumers                   84145                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu12.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu12.iew.wb_rate                     1.675721                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu12.iew.wb_fanout                   0.492840                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu12.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu12.commit.commitSquashedInsts          5539                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           162                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu12.commit.branchMispredicts             137                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        25257                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.234390                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.428030                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        10934     43.29%     43.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         2047      8.10%     51.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2          314      1.24%     52.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         5107     20.22%     72.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          198      0.78%     73.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         5048     19.99%     93.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          184      0.73%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7           98      0.39%     94.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         1327      5.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        25257                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committedInsts              54543                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.commit.committedOps                56434                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu12.commit.refs                         9015                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu12.commit.loads                        7799                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu12.commit.membars                        72                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu12.commit.branches                    13428                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu12.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu12.commit.int_insts                   43334                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu12.commit.function_calls                200                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          47417     84.02%     84.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          7799     13.82%     97.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         1216      2.15%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::total           56434                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.bw_lim_events                1327                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu12.rob.rob_reads                      85097                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu12.rob.rob_writes                    124815                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu12.timesIdled                            42                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu12.idleCycles                          8624                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu12.quiesceCycles                      65407                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu12.committedInsts                     54543                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu12.committedOps                       56434                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu12.cpi                             0.635829                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu12.cpi_total                       0.635829                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu12.ipc                             1.572751                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu12.ipc_total                       1.572751                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu12.int_regfile_reads                  78004                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu12.int_regfile_writes                 24323                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu12.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu12.cc_regfile_reads                  199482                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu12.cc_regfile_writes                  79332                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu12.misc_regfile_reads                 10796                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu12.misc_regfile_writes                  118                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           8.011598                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.total_refs              9210                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              28                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.avg_refs          328.928571                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.data     8.011598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.007824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.007824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.027344                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           18760                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.data_accesses          18760                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.data         8042                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          8042                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu12.data         1166                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         1166                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu12.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu12.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::cpu12.data         9208                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total           9208                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::cpu12.data         9210                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total          9210                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.data           79                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           79                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu12.data           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu12.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu12.data           28                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           28                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu12.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            6                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::cpu12.data           98                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total           98                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::cpu12.data          101                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total          101                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu12.data     10328385                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10328385                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu12.data      8458250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8458250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu12.data       994903                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       994903                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu12.data        37500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        37500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu12.data       304500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       304500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu12.data     18786635                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     18786635                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu12.data     18786635                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     18786635                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.data         8121                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         8121                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu12.data         1185                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1185                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu12.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu12.data           29                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           29                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu12.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            6                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu12.data         9306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total         9306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu12.data         9311                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total         9311                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.009728                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009728                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.016034                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.016034                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.600000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.600000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.965517                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.965517                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.010531                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010531                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.010847                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010847                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu12.data 130739.050633                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130739.050633                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu12.data 445171.052632                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 445171.052632                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu12.data 35532.250000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35532.250000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu12.data         6250                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total         6250                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu12.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu12.data 191700.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 191700.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu12.data 186006.287129                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 186006.287129                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          188                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          188                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu12.data           50                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           50                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu12.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu12.data           62                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           62                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu12.data           62                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           62                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu12.data           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu12.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu12.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu12.data           28                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu12.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu12.data           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu12.data           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.data      2601757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2601757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.data      2868250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2868250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.data        18500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        18500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.data       893597                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       893597                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.data        28500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        28500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.data       295500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       295500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.data      5470007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5470007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.data      5488507                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5488507                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.003571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.005907                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005907                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu12.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.003868                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003868                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.004081                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004081                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.data 89715.758621                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89715.758621                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.data       409750                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       409750                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.data         9250                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9250                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.data 31914.178571                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31914.178571                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.data         4750                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         4750                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.data 151944.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 151944.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.data 144434.394737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 144434.394737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tags.tagsinuse          13.245282                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.tags.total_refs              1342                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.sampled_refs              52                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.avg_refs           25.807692                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst    13.245282                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.025870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.025870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.101562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.tag_accesses            2894                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.icache.tags.data_accesses           2894                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.inst         1342                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          1342                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::cpu12.inst         1342                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total           1342                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::cpu12.inst         1342                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total          1342                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.inst           79                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           79                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::cpu12.inst           79                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           79                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::cpu12.inst           79                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           79                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu12.inst      9647750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9647750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu12.inst      9647750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9647750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu12.inst      9647750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9647750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.inst         1421                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1421                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::cpu12.inst         1421                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total         1421                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::cpu12.inst         1421                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total         1421                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.055595                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.055595                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.055595                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.055595                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.055595                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.055595                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu12.inst 122123.417722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122123.417722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu12.inst 122123.417722                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122123.417722                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu12.inst 122123.417722                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122123.417722                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          140                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          140                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu12.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu12.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu12.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu12.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu12.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu12.inst           52                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.inst      7367250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7367250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.inst      7367250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7367250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.inst      7367250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7367250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.036594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.036594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.036594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.inst 141677.884615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 141677.884615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.inst 141677.884615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 141677.884615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.inst 141677.884615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 141677.884615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.branchPred.lookups                 16946                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu13.branchPred.condPredicted           16123                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu13.branchPred.condIncorrect             167                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu13.branchPred.BTBLookups              13313                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu13.branchPred.BTBHits                  8586                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu13.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu13.branchPred.BTBHitPct           64.493352                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu13.branchPred.usedRAS                   383                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu13.branchPred.RASInCorrect                1                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                          33939                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.fetch.icacheStallCycles             4164                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu13.fetch.Insts                        69356                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu13.fetch.Branches                     16946                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu13.fetch.predictedBranches             8969                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu13.fetch.Cycles                       21990                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu13.fetch.SquashCycles                   475                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu13.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu13.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles            1                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu13.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu13.fetch.CacheLines                    1472                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu13.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  68                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::samples            26413                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::mean            2.755386                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::stdev           3.688749                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::0                  16376     62.00%     62.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::1                    320      1.21%     63.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::2                    108      0.41%     63.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::3                    378      1.43%     65.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::4                    287      1.09%     66.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::5                    360      1.36%     67.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::6                    237      0.90%     68.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::7                     38      0.14%     68.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::8                   8309     31.46%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::total              26413                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.branchRate                0.499308                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu13.fetch.rate                      2.043549                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu13.decode.IdleCycles                   4965                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu13.decode.BlockedCycles               12255                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu13.decode.RunCycles                    2760                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu13.decode.UnblockCycles                6223                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu13.decode.SquashCycles                  209                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu13.decode.BranchResolved                380                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu13.decode.BranchMispred                  28                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu13.decode.DecodedInsts                67669                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu13.decode.SquashedInsts                  88                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu13.rename.SquashCycles                  209                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu13.rename.IdleCycles                   5485                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu13.rename.BlockCycles                   703                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu13.rename.serializeStallCycles         7608                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu13.rename.RunCycles                    8395                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu13.rename.UnblockCycles                4012                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu13.rename.RenamedInsts                66441                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu13.rename.ROBFullEvents                   4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu13.rename.IQFullEvents                 3582                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu13.rename.RenamedOperands            117554                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu13.rename.RenameLookups              322232                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu13.rename.int_rename_lookups          89246                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu13.rename.CommittedMaps              106730                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu13.rename.UndoneMaps                  10822                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu13.rename.serializingInsts              124                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          122                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu13.rename.skidInsts                   10457                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu13.memDep0.insertedLoads               9066                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu13.memDep0.insertedStores              1598                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu13.memDep0.conflictingLoads             766                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu13.memDep0.conflictingStores            858                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu13.iq.iqInstsAdded                    65404                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               197                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu13.iq.iqInstsIssued                   61937                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             480                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          5802                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        19037                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        26413                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       2.344944                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      1.914243                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              9921     37.56%     37.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               851      3.22%     40.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2               630      2.39%     43.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3               218      0.83%     43.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             14793     56.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         26413                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               51744     83.54%     83.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               8773     14.16%     97.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              1417      2.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::total                61937                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.rate                         1.824951                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu13.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu13.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           150767                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           71409                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        61574                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu13.iq.int_alu_accesses                61937                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              5                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          800                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            6                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          286                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           79                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           35                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu13.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu13.iew.iewSquashCycles                  209                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu13.iew.iewBlockCycles                   616                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu13.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             65604                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              56                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                9066                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               1598                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              110                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu13.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                   0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            6                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           77                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           68                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu13.iew.branchMispredicts                145                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu13.iew.iewExecutedInsts               61866                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                8753                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              71                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu13.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu13.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu13.iew.exec_refs                      10143                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu13.iew.exec_branches                  14546                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu13.iew.exec_stores                     1390                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu13.iew.exec_rate                   1.822859                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu13.iew.wb_sent                        61656                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu13.iew.wb_count                       61574                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu13.iew.wb_producers                   43948                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu13.iew.wb_consumers                   89156                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu13.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu13.iew.wb_rate                     1.814255                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu13.iew.wb_fanout                   0.492934                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu13.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu13.commit.commitSquashedInsts          5802                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           181                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu13.commit.branchMispredicts             139                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        25587                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.337085                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.483382                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        10372     40.54%     40.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         2595     10.14%     50.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2          315      1.23%     51.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         5045     19.72%     71.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          177      0.69%     72.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         5121     20.01%     92.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          207      0.81%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          156      0.61%     93.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         1599      6.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        25587                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committedInsts              57776                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.commit.committedOps                59799                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu13.commit.refs                         9578                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu13.commit.loads                        8266                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu13.commit.membars                        76                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu13.commit.branches                    14220                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu13.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu13.commit.int_insts                   45930                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu13.commit.function_calls                214                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          50219     83.98%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          8266     13.82%     97.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         1312      2.19%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::total           59799                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.bw_lim_events                1599                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu13.rob.rob_reads                      88731                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu13.rob.rob_writes                    132031                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu13.timesIdled                            39                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu13.idleCycles                          7526                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu13.quiesceCycles                      66148                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu13.committedInsts                     57776                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu13.committedOps                       59799                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu13.cpi                             0.587424                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu13.cpi_total                       0.587424                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu13.ipc                             1.702348                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu13.ipc_total                       1.702348                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu13.int_regfile_reads                  82644                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu13.int_regfile_writes                 25740                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu13.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu13.cc_regfile_reads                  211317                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu13.cc_regfile_writes                  84125                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu13.misc_regfile_reads                 11391                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu13.misc_regfile_writes                  164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           8.114595                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.total_refs              9741                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              28                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.avg_refs          347.892857                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.data     8.114595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.007924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.007924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.027344                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           19890                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.data_accesses          19890                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.data         8491                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          8491                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu13.data         1248                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         1248                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu13.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu13.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::cpu13.data         9739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total           9739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::cpu13.data         9741                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total          9741                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.data           89                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           89                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu13.data           22                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           22                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu13.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu13.data           37                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           37                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu13.data            9                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            9                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::cpu13.data          111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total          111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::cpu13.data          114                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total          114                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu13.data      6461923                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6461923                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu13.data      3718250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3718250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu13.data      1594449                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1594449                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu13.data        38499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        38499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu13.data       402500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       402500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu13.data     10180173                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     10180173                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu13.data     10180173                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     10180173                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.data         8580                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         8580                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu13.data         1270                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1270                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu13.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu13.data           41                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           41                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu13.data            9                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            9                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu13.data         9850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total         9850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu13.data         9855                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total         9855                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.010373                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010373                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.017323                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.017323                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.600000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.600000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.902439                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.902439                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.011269                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011269                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.011568                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011568                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu13.data 72605.876404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72605.876404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu13.data 169011.363636                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 169011.363636                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu13.data 43093.216216                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43093.216216                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu13.data  4277.666667                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4277.666667                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu13.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu13.data 91713.270270                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91713.270270                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu13.data 89299.763158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 89299.763158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          178                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          178                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu13.data           60                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           60                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu13.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu13.data           75                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           75                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu13.data           75                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           75                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu13.data           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu13.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu13.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu13.data           37                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu13.data            9                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu13.data           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu13.data           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.data      2324255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2324255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.data      1142000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1142000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.data        18000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        18000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.data      1462051                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1462051                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.data        28001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        28001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.data       384000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.data      3466255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3466255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.data      3484255                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3484255                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.003380                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003380                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.005512                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005512                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.902439                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.902439                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu13.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.003655                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003655                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.003856                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003856                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.data 80146.724138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80146.724138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.data 163142.857143                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163142.857143                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.data         9000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.data 39514.891892                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39514.891892                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.data  3111.222222                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3111.222222                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.data 96284.861111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96284.861111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.data 91690.921053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91690.921053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tags.tagsinuse          13.382048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.tags.total_refs              1389                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.sampled_refs              53                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.avg_refs           26.207547                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst    13.382048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.026137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.026137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.103516                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.tag_accesses            2997                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.icache.tags.data_accesses           2997                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.inst         1389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          1389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::cpu13.inst         1389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total           1389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::cpu13.inst         1389                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total          1389                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.inst           83                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           83                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::cpu13.inst           83                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           83                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::cpu13.inst           83                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           83                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu13.inst     10685750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10685750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu13.inst     10685750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10685750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu13.inst     10685750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10685750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.inst         1472                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1472                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::cpu13.inst         1472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total         1472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::cpu13.inst         1472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total         1472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.056386                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.056386                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.056386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.056386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.056386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.056386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu13.inst 128743.975904                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128743.975904                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu13.inst 128743.975904                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 128743.975904                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu13.inst 128743.975904                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 128743.975904                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          149                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          149                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu13.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu13.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu13.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu13.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu13.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu13.inst           53                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.inst      7591000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7591000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.inst      7591000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7591000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.inst      7591000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7591000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.036005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.036005                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036005                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.036005                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036005                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.inst 143226.415094                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 143226.415094                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.inst 143226.415094                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 143226.415094                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.inst 143226.415094                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 143226.415094                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.branchPred.lookups                 16292                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu14.branchPred.condPredicted           15451                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu14.branchPred.condIncorrect             171                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu14.branchPred.BTBLookups              12711                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu14.branchPred.BTBHits                  8229                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu14.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu14.branchPred.BTBHitPct           64.739202                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu14.branchPred.usedRAS                   379                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu14.branchPred.RASInCorrect                1                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                          33411                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.fetch.icacheStallCycles             3939                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu14.fetch.Insts                        66872                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu14.fetch.Branches                     16292                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu14.fetch.predictedBranches             8608                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu14.fetch.Cycles                       21196                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu14.fetch.SquashCycles                   477                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu14.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu14.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles            1                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu14.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu14.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu14.fetch.CacheLines                    1490                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu14.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  66                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::samples            25395                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::mean            2.768734                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::stdev           3.689784                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::0                  15676     61.73%     61.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::1                    311      1.22%     62.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::2                    115      0.45%     63.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::3                    380      1.50%     64.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::4                    267      1.05%     65.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::5                    368      1.45%     67.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::6                    231      0.91%     68.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::7                     39      0.15%     68.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::8                   8008     31.53%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::total              25395                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.branchRate                0.487624                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu14.fetch.rate                      2.001497                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu14.decode.IdleCycles                   4776                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu14.decode.BlockedCycles               11762                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu14.decode.RunCycles                    2793                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu14.decode.UnblockCycles                5855                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu14.decode.SquashCycles                  208                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu14.decode.BranchResolved                375                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu14.decode.BranchMispred                  30                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu14.decode.DecodedInsts                65108                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu14.decode.SquashedInsts                 115                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu14.rename.SquashCycles                  208                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu14.rename.IdleCycles                   5331                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu14.rename.BlockCycles                   686                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu14.rename.serializeStallCycles         7266                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu14.rename.RunCycles                    8029                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu14.rename.UnblockCycles                3874                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu14.rename.RenamedInsts                63864                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu14.rename.IQFullEvents                 3417                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu14.rename.LQFullEvents                    8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu14.rename.RenamedOperands            112716                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu14.rename.RenameLookups              309745                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu14.rename.int_rename_lookups          85764                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu14.rename.CommittedMaps              102267                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu14.rename.UndoneMaps                  10449                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu14.rename.serializingInsts              113                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          112                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu14.rename.skidInsts                   10350                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu14.memDep0.insertedLoads               8722                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu14.memDep0.insertedStores              1571                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu14.memDep0.conflictingLoads             746                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu14.memDep0.conflictingStores            845                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu14.iq.iqInstsAdded                    62766                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               195                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu14.iq.iqInstsIssued                   59339                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             448                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          5643                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        18800                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           22                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        25395                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       2.336641                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      1.915777                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              9592     37.77%     37.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               820      3.23%     41.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2               599      2.36%     43.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3               215      0.85%     44.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             14169     55.79%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         25395                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               49545     83.49%     83.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.01%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               8410     14.17%     97.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              1381      2.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::total                59339                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.rate                         1.776032                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu14.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu14.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           144521                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           68609                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        58983                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu14.iq.int_alu_accesses                59339                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              9                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          797                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            5                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          304                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           75                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           22                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu14.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu14.iew.iewSquashCycles                  208                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu14.iew.iewBlockCycles                   599                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu14.iew.iewUnblockCycles                  79                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             62964                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              88                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                8722                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               1571                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              105                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu14.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                  79                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            5                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           74                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           71                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu14.iew.branchMispredicts                145                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu14.iew.iewExecutedInsts               59257                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                8386                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              82                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu14.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu14.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu14.iew.exec_refs                       9741                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu14.iew.exec_branches                  13928                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu14.iew.exec_stores                     1355                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu14.iew.exec_rate                   1.773578                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu14.iew.wb_sent                        59063                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu14.iew.wb_count                       58983                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu14.iew.wb_producers                   42057                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu14.iew.wb_consumers                   85349                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu14.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu14.iew.wb_rate                     1.765377                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu14.iew.wb_fanout                   0.492765                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu14.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu14.commit.commitSquashedInsts          5645                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           173                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu14.commit.branchMispredicts             141                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        24587                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.331232                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.511055                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        10006     40.70%     40.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         2675     10.88%     51.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2          291      1.18%     52.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         4656     18.94%     71.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          170      0.69%     72.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         4799     19.52%     91.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          189      0.77%     92.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          124      0.50%     93.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         1677      6.82%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        24587                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committedInsts              55361                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.commit.committedOps                57318                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu14.commit.refs                         9192                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu14.commit.loads                        7925                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu14.commit.membars                        73                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu14.commit.branches                    13624                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu14.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu14.commit.int_insts                   44034                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu14.commit.function_calls                207                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          48124     83.96%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          7925     13.83%     97.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         1267      2.21%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::total           57318                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.bw_lim_events                1677                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu14.rob.rob_reads                      85029                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu14.rob.rob_writes                    126735                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu14.timesIdled                            41                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu14.idleCycles                          8016                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu14.quiesceCycles                      66676                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu14.committedInsts                     55361                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu14.committedOps                       57318                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu14.cpi                             0.603511                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu14.cpi_total                       0.603511                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu14.ipc                             1.656969                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu14.ipc_total                       1.656969                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu14.int_regfile_reads                  79109                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu14.int_regfile_writes                 24705                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu14.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu14.cc_regfile_reads                  202431                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu14.cc_regfile_writes                  80409                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu14.misc_regfile_reads                 10993                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu14.misc_regfile_writes                  149                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           7.659515                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.total_refs              9371                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              27                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.avg_refs          347.074074                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.data     7.659515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.007480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.007480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.026367                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           19116                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.data_accesses          19116                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.data         8162                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          8162                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu14.data         1207                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         1207                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu14.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu14.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::cpu14.data         9369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total           9369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::cpu14.data         9371                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total          9371                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.data           71                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           71                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu14.data           22                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           22                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu14.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu14.data           33                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           33                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu14.data           14                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           14                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::cpu14.data           93                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total           93                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::cpu14.data           96                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total           96                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu14.data      6469705                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6469705                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu14.data      5058500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5058500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu14.data      1073916                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1073916                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu14.data        37999                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        37999                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu14.data       626001                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       626001                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu14.data     11528205                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     11528205                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu14.data     11528205                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     11528205                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.data         8233                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         8233                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu14.data         1229                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1229                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu14.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu14.data           37                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           37                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu14.data           14                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           14                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu14.data         9462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total         9462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu14.data         9467                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total         9467                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.008624                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008624                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.017901                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.017901                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.600000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.600000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.891892                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.891892                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.009829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.010140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu14.data 91122.605634                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91122.605634                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu14.data 229931.818182                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 229931.818182                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu14.data 32542.909091                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32542.909091                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu14.data  2714.214286                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  2714.214286                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu14.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu14.data 123959.193548                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123959.193548                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu14.data 120085.468750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120085.468750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           79                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           79                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu14.data           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu14.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu14.data           58                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu14.data           58                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           58                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu14.data           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu14.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu14.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu14.data           33                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu14.data           14                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu14.data           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu14.data           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.data      2365506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2365506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.data      1599000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1599000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.data        20000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        20000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.data       951084                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       951084                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.data        27501                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        27501                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.data       592999                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       592999                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.data      3964506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3964506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.data      3984506                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3984506                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.003401                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003401                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.005696                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005696                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.891892                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.891892                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu14.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.003699                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003699                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.003908                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003908                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.data 84482.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84482.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.data 228428.571429                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 228428.571429                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.data        10000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        10000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.data 28820.727273                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28820.727273                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.data  1964.357143                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  1964.357143                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.data 113271.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113271.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.data 107689.351351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107689.351351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tags.tagsinuse          13.321251                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.tags.total_refs              1414                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.sampled_refs              55                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.avg_refs           25.709091                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst    13.321251                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.026018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.026018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.107422                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.tag_accesses            3035                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.icache.tags.data_accesses           3035                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.inst         1414                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          1414                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::cpu14.inst         1414                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total           1414                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::cpu14.inst         1414                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total          1414                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.inst           76                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           76                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::cpu14.inst           76                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           76                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::cpu14.inst           76                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           76                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu14.inst      9608500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9608500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu14.inst      9608500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9608500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu14.inst      9608500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9608500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.inst         1490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::cpu14.inst         1490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total         1490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::cpu14.inst         1490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total         1490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.051007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.051007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.051007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.051007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.051007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.051007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu14.inst 126427.631579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126427.631579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu14.inst 126427.631579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 126427.631579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu14.inst 126427.631579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 126427.631579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          137                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    68.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu14.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu14.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu14.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu14.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu14.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu14.inst           55                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           55                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.inst      7876500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7876500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.inst      7876500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7876500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.inst      7876500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7876500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.036913                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036913                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.036913                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036913                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.036913                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036913                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.inst 143209.090909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 143209.090909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.inst 143209.090909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 143209.090909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.inst 143209.090909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 143209.090909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.branchPred.lookups                 18066                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu15.branchPred.condPredicted           17198                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu15.branchPred.condIncorrect             163                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu15.branchPred.BTBLookups              14225                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu15.branchPred.BTBHits                  9128                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu15.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu15.branchPred.BTBHitPct           64.168717                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu15.branchPred.usedRAS                   414                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu15.branchPred.RASInCorrect                1                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                          32622                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.fetch.icacheStallCycles             3262                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu15.fetch.Insts                        73868                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu15.fetch.Branches                     18066                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu15.fetch.predictedBranches             9542                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu15.fetch.Cycles                       20892                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu15.fetch.SquashCycles                   481                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu15.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu15.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles            1                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu15.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu15.fetch.CacheLines                    1548                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu15.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  57                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::samples            24416                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::mean            3.173124                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::stdev           3.793520                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::0                  13762     56.36%     56.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::1                    342      1.40%     57.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::2                    117      0.48%     58.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::3                    393      1.61%     59.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::4                    288      1.18%     61.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::5                    332      1.36%     62.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::6                    253      1.04%     63.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::7                     42      0.17%     63.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::8                   8887     36.40%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::total              24416                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.branchRate                0.553798                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu15.fetch.rate                      2.264361                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu15.decode.IdleCycles                   5185                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu15.decode.BlockedCycles                9473                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu15.decode.RunCycles                    2982                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu15.decode.UnblockCycles                6562                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu15.decode.SquashCycles                  213                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu15.decode.BranchResolved                399                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu15.decode.BranchMispred                  27                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu15.decode.DecodedInsts                71986                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu15.decode.SquashedInsts                 101                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu15.rename.SquashCycles                  213                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu15.rename.IdleCycles                   5746                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu15.rename.BlockCycles                  1877                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu15.rename.serializeStallCycles         3381                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu15.rename.RunCycles                    8910                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu15.rename.UnblockCycles                4288                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu15.rename.RenamedInsts                70708                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu15.rename.ROBFullEvents                   4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu15.rename.IQFullEvents                 3837                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu15.rename.LQFullEvents                    8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu15.rename.RenamedOperands            125374                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu15.rename.RenameLookups              342994                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu15.rename.int_rename_lookups          95051                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu15.rename.CommittedMaps              113782                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu15.rename.UndoneMaps                  11577                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu15.rename.serializingInsts               97                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu15.rename.tempSerializingInsts           96                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu15.rename.skidInsts                   11038                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu15.memDep0.insertedLoads               9672                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu15.memDep0.insertedStores              1663                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu15.memDep0.conflictingLoads             855                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu15.memDep0.conflictingStores            912                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu15.iq.iqInstsAdded                    69763                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               172                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu15.iq.iqInstsIssued                   65922                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             497                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          6233                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        20841                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        24416                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       2.699951                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      1.811876                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              6981     28.59%     28.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               772      3.16%     31.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2               636      2.60%     34.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3               230      0.94%     35.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             15797     64.70%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         24416                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               55107     83.59%     83.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.00%     83.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     83.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     83.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     83.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     83.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     83.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     83.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     83.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     83.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     83.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     83.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     83.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     83.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     83.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     83.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     83.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     83.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     83.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     83.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     83.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     83.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     83.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               9342     14.17%     97.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              1470      2.23%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::total                65922                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.rate                         2.020784                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu15.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu15.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           156757                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           76178                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        65542                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu15.iq.int_alu_accesses                65922                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads             10                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          870                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          294                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           82                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           35                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu15.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu15.iew.iewSquashCycles                  213                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu15.iew.iewBlockCycles                   660                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu15.iew.iewUnblockCycles                1129                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             69938                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              24                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                9672                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               1663                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               83                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu15.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                1129                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           78                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           62                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu15.iew.branchMispredicts                140                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu15.iew.iewExecutedInsts               65853                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                9322                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              69                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu15.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu15.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu15.iew.exec_refs                      10766                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu15.iew.exec_branches                  15479                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu15.iew.exec_stores                     1444                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu15.iew.exec_rate                   2.018668                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu15.iew.wb_sent                        65633                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu15.iew.wb_count                       65542                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu15.iew.wb_producers                   46848                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu15.iew.wb_consumers                   95224                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu15.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu15.iew.wb_rate                     2.009135                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu15.iew.wb_fanout                   0.491977                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu15.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu15.commit.commitSquashedInsts          6140                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           159                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu15.commit.branchMispredicts             136                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        23542                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.705887                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.469039                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0         7473     31.74%     31.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         2496     10.60%     42.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2          305      1.30%     43.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         5513     23.42%     67.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          184      0.78%     67.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         5547     23.56%     91.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          241      1.02%     92.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          124      0.53%     92.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         1659      7.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        23542                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committedInsts              61530                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.commit.committedOps                63702                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu15.commit.refs                        10171                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu15.commit.loads                        8802                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu15.commit.membars                        81                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu15.commit.branches                    15151                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu15.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu15.commit.int_insts                   48928                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu15.commit.function_calls                229                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          53529     84.03%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          8802     13.82%     97.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         1369      2.15%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::total           63702                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.bw_lim_events                1659                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu15.rob.rob_reads                      90789                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu15.rob.rob_writes                    140656                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu15.timesIdled                            43                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu15.idleCycles                          8206                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu15.quiesceCycles                      67465                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu15.committedInsts                     61530                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu15.committedOps                       63702                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu15.cpi                             0.530180                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu15.cpi_total                       0.530180                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu15.ipc                             1.886150                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu15.ipc_total                       1.886150                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu15.int_regfile_reads                  88019                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu15.int_regfile_writes                 27409                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu15.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu15.cc_regfile_reads                  224847                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu15.cc_regfile_writes                  89633                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu15.misc_regfile_reads                 11974                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu15.misc_regfile_writes                   28                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           7.660366                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.total_refs             10436                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              27                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.avg_refs          386.518519                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.data     7.660366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.007481                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.007481                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.026367                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           21141                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.data_accesses          21141                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.data         9096                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          9096                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu15.data         1338                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         1338                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu15.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu15.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::cpu15.data        10434                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total          10434                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::cpu15.data        10436                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total         10436                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.data           77                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           77                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu15.data           22                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           22                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu15.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu15.data            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu15.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::cpu15.data           99                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total           99                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::cpu15.data          102                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total          102                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu15.data      8873400                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8873400                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu15.data      6340250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6340250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu15.data       105498                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       105498                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu15.data        53499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        53499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu15.data        20000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        20000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu15.data     15213650                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     15213650                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu15.data     15213650                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     15213650                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.data         9173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu15.data         1360                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1360                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu15.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu15.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu15.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu15.data        10533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total        10533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu15.data        10538                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total        10538                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.008394                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008394                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.016176                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.016176                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.600000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.600000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.857143                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.857143                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.009399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.009679                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009679                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu15.data 115238.961039                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115238.961039                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu15.data 288193.181818                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 288193.181818                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu15.data        17583                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        17583                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu15.data 13374.750000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13374.750000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu15.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu15.data 153673.232323                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 153673.232323                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu15.data 149153.431373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 149153.431373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          170                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           85                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu15.data           49                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           49                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu15.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu15.data           64                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           64                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu15.data           64                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           64                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu15.data           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu15.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu15.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu15.data            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu15.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu15.data           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu15.data           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.data      2730755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2730755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.data      2046250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2046250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.data        18000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        18000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.data        84502                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        84502                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.data        43001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        43001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.data        17000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        17000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.data      4777005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4777005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.data      4795005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4795005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.003052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.005147                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005147                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.857143                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.857143                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu15.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.003323                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003323                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.003511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.data 97526.964286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97526.964286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.data 292321.428571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292321.428571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.data         9000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.data 14083.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14083.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.data 10750.250000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10750.250000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.data 136485.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 136485.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.data 129594.729730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 129594.729730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tags.tagsinuse          12.633804                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.tags.total_refs              1475                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.sampled_refs              51                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.avg_refs           28.921569                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst    12.633804                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.024675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.024675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.099609                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.tag_accesses            3147                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.icache.tags.data_accesses           3147                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.inst         1475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          1475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::cpu15.inst         1475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total           1475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::cpu15.inst         1475                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total          1475                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.inst           73                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           73                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::cpu15.inst           73                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           73                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::cpu15.inst           73                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           73                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu15.inst      9178750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9178750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu15.inst      9178750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9178750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu15.inst      9178750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9178750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.inst         1548                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1548                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::cpu15.inst         1548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total         1548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::cpu15.inst         1548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total         1548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.047158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.047158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.047158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.047158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.047158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.047158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu15.inst 125736.301370                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125736.301370                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu15.inst 125736.301370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125736.301370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu15.inst 125736.301370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125736.301370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          129                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          129                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu15.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu15.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu15.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu15.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu15.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu15.inst           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.inst      7314250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7314250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.inst      7314250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7314250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.inst      7314250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7314250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.032946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.032946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.032946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.inst 143416.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 143416.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.inst 143416.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 143416.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.inst 143416.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 143416.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu16.branchPred.lookups                 14634                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu16.branchPred.condPredicted           13888                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu16.branchPred.condIncorrect             158                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu16.branchPred.BTBLookups              11129                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu16.branchPred.BTBHits                  7391                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu16.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu16.branchPred.BTBHitPct           66.412077                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu16.branchPred.usedRAS                   336                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu16.branchPred.RASInCorrect                1                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu16.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu16.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu16.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu16.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu16.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu16.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu16.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu16.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu16.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu16.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu16.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu16.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu16.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu16.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu16.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu16.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu16.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu16.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu16.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu16.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu16.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu16.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu16.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu16.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu16.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu16.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu16.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu16.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu16.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu16.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu16.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu16.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu16.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu16.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu16.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu16.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu16.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu16.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu16.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu16.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu16.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu16.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu16.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu16.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu16.numCycles                          31758                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu16.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu16.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu16.fetch.icacheStallCycles             3406                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu16.fetch.Insts                        60001                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu16.fetch.Branches                     14634                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu16.fetch.predictedBranches             7727                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu16.fetch.Cycles                       19742                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu16.fetch.SquashCycles                   443                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu16.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu16.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles            1                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu16.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu16.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           30                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu16.fetch.CacheLines                    1328                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu16.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  71                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu16.fetch.rateDist::samples            23409                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu16.fetch.rateDist::mean            2.692981                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu16.fetch.rateDist::stdev           3.667068                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu16.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu16.fetch.rateDist::0                  14693     62.77%     62.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu16.fetch.rateDist::1                    286      1.22%     63.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu16.fetch.rateDist::2                    103      0.44%     64.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu16.fetch.rateDist::3                    331      1.41%     65.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu16.fetch.rateDist::4                    249      1.06%     66.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu16.fetch.rateDist::5                    317      1.35%     68.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu16.fetch.rateDist::6                    213      0.91%     69.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu16.fetch.rateDist::7                     40      0.17%     69.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu16.fetch.rateDist::8                   7177     30.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu16.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu16.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu16.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu16.fetch.rateDist::total              23409                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu16.fetch.branchRate                0.460797                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu16.fetch.rate                      1.889319                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu16.decode.IdleCycles                   4426                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu16.decode.BlockedCycles               11014                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu16.decode.RunCycles                    2502                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu16.decode.UnblockCycles                5273                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu16.decode.SquashCycles                  193                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu16.decode.BranchResolved                340                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu16.decode.BranchMispred                  29                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu16.decode.DecodedInsts                58506                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu16.decode.SquashedInsts                  88                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu16.rename.SquashCycles                  193                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu16.rename.IdleCycles                   4909                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu16.rename.BlockCycles                  1306                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu16.rename.serializeStallCycles         6268                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu16.rename.RunCycles                    7233                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu16.rename.UnblockCycles                3499                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu16.rename.RenamedInsts                57398                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu16.rename.ROBFullEvents                   4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu16.rename.IQFullEvents                 3090                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu16.rename.LQFullEvents                    8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu16.rename.RenamedOperands            101255                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu16.rename.RenameLookups              278346                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu16.rename.int_rename_lookups          77056                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu16.rename.CommittedMaps               91569                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu16.rename.UndoneMaps                   9675                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu16.rename.serializingInsts              107                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu16.rename.tempSerializingInsts          105                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu16.rename.skidInsts                    9168                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu16.memDep0.insertedLoads               7860                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu16.memDep0.insertedStores              1419                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu16.memDep0.conflictingLoads             657                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu16.memDep0.conflictingStores            749                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu16.iq.iqInstsAdded                    56446                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu16.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               177                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu16.iq.iqInstsIssued                   53399                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu16.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             426                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu16.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          5283                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu16.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        16857                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu16.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu16.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        23409                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu16.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       2.281131                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu16.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      1.922908                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu16.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu16.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              9137     39.03%     39.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu16.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               784      3.35%     42.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu16.iq.issued_per_cycle::2               565      2.41%     44.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu16.iq.issued_per_cycle::3               207      0.88%     45.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu16.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             12716     54.32%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu16.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu16.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu16.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu16.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         23409                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               44538     83.41%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.01%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               7604     14.24%     97.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              1254      2.35%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::total                53399                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.rate                         1.681435                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu16.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu16.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu16.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           130633                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu16.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           61916                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu16.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        53051                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu16.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu16.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu16.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu16.iq.int_alu_accesses                53399                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu16.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu16.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              9                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu16.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu16.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          754                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu16.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu16.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu16.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          283                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu16.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu16.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu16.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           69                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu16.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           36                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu16.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu16.iew.iewSquashCycles                  193                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu16.iew.iewBlockCycles                   556                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu16.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 639                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu16.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             56626                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu16.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              56                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu16.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                7860                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu16.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               1419                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu16.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               99                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu16.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu16.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 639                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu16.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu16.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           67                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu16.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           69                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu16.iew.branchMispredicts                136                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu16.iew.iewExecutedInsts               53318                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu16.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                7581                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu16.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              81                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu16.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu16.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu16.iew.exec_refs                       8806                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu16.iew.exec_branches                  12516                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu16.iew.exec_stores                     1225                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu16.iew.exec_rate                   1.678884                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu16.iew.wb_sent                        53126                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu16.iew.wb_count                       53051                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu16.iew.wb_producers                   37808                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu16.iew.wb_consumers                   76660                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu16.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu16.iew.wb_rate                     1.670477                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu16.iew.wb_fanout                   0.493191                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu16.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu16.commit.commitSquashedInsts          5221                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu16.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           162                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu16.commit.branchMispredicts             130                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu16.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        22660                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu16.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.265666                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu16.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.493141                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu16.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu16.commit.committed_per_cycle::0         9568     42.22%     42.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu16.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         2363     10.43%     52.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu16.commit.committed_per_cycle::2          287      1.27%     53.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu16.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         4214     18.60%     72.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu16.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          158      0.70%     73.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu16.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         4298     18.97%     92.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu16.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          197      0.87%     93.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu16.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          143      0.63%     93.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu16.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         1432      6.32%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu16.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu16.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu16.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu16.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        22660                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu16.commit.committedInsts              49594                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu16.commit.committedOps                51340                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu16.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu16.commit.refs                         8242                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu16.commit.loads                        7106                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu16.commit.membars                        67                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu16.commit.branches                    12203                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu16.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu16.commit.int_insts                   39440                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu16.commit.function_calls                185                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          43096     83.94%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          7106     13.84%     97.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         1136      2.21%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::total           51340                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.bw_lim_events                1432                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu16.rob.rob_reads                      77048                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu16.rob.rob_writes                    113936                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu16.timesIdled                            42                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu16.idleCycles                          8349                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu16.quiesceCycles                      68329                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu16.committedInsts                     49594                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu16.committedOps                       51340                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu16.cpi                             0.640360                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu16.cpi_total                       0.640360                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu16.ipc                             1.561622                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu16.ipc_total                       1.561622                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu16.int_regfile_reads                  71155                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu16.int_regfile_writes                 22252                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu16.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu16.cc_regfile_reads                  182202                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu16.cc_regfile_writes                  72251                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu16.misc_regfile_reads                 10022                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu16.misc_regfile_writes                  162                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu16.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu16.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           7.522330                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu16.dcache.tags.total_refs              8394                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu16.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              28                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu16.dcache.tags.avg_refs          299.785714                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu16.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu16.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu16.data     7.522330                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu16.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu16.data     0.007346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu16.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.007346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu16.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu16.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu16.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu16.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.027344                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu16.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           17204                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.tags.data_accesses          17204                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu16.data         7316                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          7316                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu16.data         1076                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         1076                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu16.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu16.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu16.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu16.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_hits::cpu16.data         8392                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_hits::total           8392                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_hits::cpu16.data         8394                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_hits::total          8394                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu16.data           98                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           98                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu16.data           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu16.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu16.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu16.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu16.data           38                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           38                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu16.data            8                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            8                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_misses::cpu16.data          117                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_misses::total          117                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_misses::cpu16.data          120                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_misses::total          120                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu16.data      8767750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8767750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu16.data      5588000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5588000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu16.data      1285426                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1285426                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu16.data        37500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        37500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu16.data       300500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       300500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu16.data     14355750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     14355750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu16.data     14355750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     14355750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu16.data         7414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu16.data         1095                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1095                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu16.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu16.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu16.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu16.data           40                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           40                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu16.data            8                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            8                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu16.data         8509                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_accesses::total         8509                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu16.data         8514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_accesses::total         8514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu16.data     0.013218                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013218                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu16.data     0.017352                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.017352                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu16.data     0.600000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.600000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu16.data     0.950000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.950000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu16.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu16.data     0.013750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu16.data     0.014094                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014094                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu16.data 89466.836735                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89466.836735                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu16.data 294105.263158                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 294105.263158                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu16.data        33827                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        33827                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu16.data  4687.500000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4687.500000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu16.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu16.data 122698.717949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122698.717949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu16.data 119631.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119631.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu16.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          203                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu16.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu16.dcache.blocked::no_targets             3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu16.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu16.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    67.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu16.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu16.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu16.data           69                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           69                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu16.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu16.data           81                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           81                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu16.data           81                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           81                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu16.data           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu16.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu16.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu16.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu16.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu16.data           38                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu16.data            8                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu16.data           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu16.data           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.data      2741500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2741500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.data      1755250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1755250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.data        18500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        18500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.data      1144074                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1144074                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.data        28500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        28500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.data       285000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       285000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.data      4496750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4496750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.data      4515250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4515250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu16.data     0.003912                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003912                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu16.data     0.006393                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006393                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu16.data     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu16.data     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu16.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu16.data     0.004231                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004231                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu16.data     0.004463                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004463                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.data 94534.482759                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94534.482759                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.data       250750                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       250750                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.data         9250                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9250                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.data 30107.210526                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30107.210526                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.data  3562.500000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3562.500000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.data 124909.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 124909.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.data 118822.368421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118822.368421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu16.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu16.icache.tags.tagsinuse          12.345101                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu16.icache.tags.total_refs              1246                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu16.icache.tags.sampled_refs              52                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu16.icache.tags.avg_refs           23.961538                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu16.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu16.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu16.inst    12.345101                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu16.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu16.inst     0.024112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu16.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.024112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu16.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu16.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu16.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu16.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.101562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu16.icache.tags.tag_accesses            2708                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu16.icache.tags.data_accesses           2708                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu16.inst         1246                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          1246                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu16.icache.demand_hits::cpu16.inst         1246                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu16.icache.demand_hits::total           1246                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu16.icache.overall_hits::cpu16.inst         1246                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu16.icache.overall_hits::total          1246                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu16.inst           82                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           82                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu16.icache.demand_misses::cpu16.inst           82                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu16.icache.demand_misses::total           82                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu16.icache.overall_misses::cpu16.inst           82                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu16.icache.overall_misses::total           82                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu16.inst     10314500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10314500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu16.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu16.inst     10314500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu16.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10314500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu16.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu16.inst     10314500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu16.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10314500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu16.inst         1328                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1328                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu16.icache.demand_accesses::cpu16.inst         1328                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu16.icache.demand_accesses::total         1328                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu16.icache.overall_accesses::cpu16.inst         1328                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu16.icache.overall_accesses::total         1328                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu16.inst     0.061747                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.061747                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu16.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu16.inst     0.061747                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu16.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.061747                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu16.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu16.inst     0.061747                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu16.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.061747                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu16.inst 125786.585366                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125786.585366                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu16.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu16.inst 125786.585366                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu16.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125786.585366                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu16.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu16.inst 125786.585366                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu16.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125786.585366                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu16.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          176                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu16.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu16.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu16.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu16.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           88                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu16.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu16.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu16.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu16.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu16.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu16.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu16.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu16.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu16.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu16.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu16.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu16.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu16.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu16.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu16.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu16.inst           52                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu16.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.inst      7687000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7687000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.inst      7687000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7687000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.inst      7687000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7687000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu16.inst     0.039157                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039157                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu16.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu16.inst     0.039157                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu16.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039157                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu16.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu16.inst     0.039157                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu16.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039157                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.inst 147826.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 147826.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.inst 147826.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 147826.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.inst 147826.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 147826.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu17.branchPred.lookups                 14498                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu17.branchPred.condPredicted           13740                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu17.branchPred.condIncorrect             154                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu17.branchPred.BTBLookups              14076                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu17.branchPred.BTBHits                  7297                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu17.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu17.branchPred.BTBHitPct           51.840011                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu17.branchPred.usedRAS                   339                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu17.branchPred.RASInCorrect                1                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu17.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu17.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu17.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu17.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu17.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu17.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu17.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu17.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu17.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu17.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu17.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu17.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu17.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu17.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu17.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu17.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu17.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu17.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu17.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu17.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu17.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu17.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu17.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu17.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu17.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu17.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu17.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu17.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu17.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu17.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu17.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu17.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu17.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu17.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu17.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu17.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu17.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu17.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu17.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu17.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu17.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu17.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu17.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu17.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu17.numCycles                          30856                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu17.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu17.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu17.fetch.icacheStallCycles             3848                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu17.fetch.Insts                        59407                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu17.fetch.Branches                     14498                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu17.fetch.predictedBranches             7636                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu17.fetch.Cycles                       18894                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu17.fetch.SquashCycles                   431                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu17.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu17.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles            1                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu17.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu17.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           30                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu17.fetch.CacheLines                    1319                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu17.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  66                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu17.fetch.rateDist::samples            22997                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu17.fetch.rateDist::mean            2.714658                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu17.fetch.rateDist::stdev           3.675628                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu17.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu17.fetch.rateDist::0                  14375     62.51%     62.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu17.fetch.rateDist::1                    287      1.25%     63.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu17.fetch.rateDist::2                    101      0.44%     64.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu17.fetch.rateDist::3                    317      1.38%     65.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu17.fetch.rateDist::4                    231      1.00%     66.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu17.fetch.rateDist::5                    326      1.42%     68.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu17.fetch.rateDist::6                    200      0.87%     68.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu17.fetch.rateDist::7                     45      0.20%     69.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu17.fetch.rateDist::8                   7115     30.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu17.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu17.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu17.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu17.fetch.rateDist::total              22997                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu17.fetch.branchRate                0.469860                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu17.fetch.rate                      1.925298                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu17.decode.IdleCycles                   4293                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu17.decode.BlockedCycles               10842                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu17.decode.RunCycles                    2611                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu17.decode.UnblockCycles                5064                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu17.decode.SquashCycles                  186                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu17.decode.BranchResolved                337                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu17.decode.BranchMispred                  30                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu17.decode.DecodedInsts                57840                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu17.decode.SquashedInsts                 112                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu17.rename.SquashCycles                  186                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu17.rename.IdleCycles                   4849                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu17.rename.BlockCycles                   589                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu17.rename.serializeStallCycles         6782                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu17.rename.RunCycles                    7063                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu17.rename.UnblockCycles                3527                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu17.rename.RenamedInsts                56720                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu17.rename.ROBFullEvents                   4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu17.rename.IQFullEvents                 3065                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu17.rename.RenamedOperands            100194                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu17.rename.RenameLookups              275073                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu17.rename.int_rename_lookups          76173                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu17.rename.CommittedMaps               90810                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu17.rename.UndoneMaps                   9373                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu17.rename.serializingInsts               99                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu17.rename.tempSerializingInsts           99                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu17.rename.skidInsts                    9588                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu17.memDep0.insertedLoads               7736                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu17.memDep0.insertedStores              1370                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu17.memDep0.conflictingLoads             646                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu17.memDep0.conflictingStores            722                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu17.iq.iqInstsAdded                    55783                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu17.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               174                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu17.iq.iqInstsIssued                   52761                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu17.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             416                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu17.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          5066                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu17.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        16632                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu17.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu17.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        22997                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu17.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       2.294256                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu17.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      1.923093                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu17.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu17.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              8941     38.88%     38.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu17.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               729      3.17%     42.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu17.iq.issued_per_cycle::2               532      2.31%     44.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu17.iq.issued_per_cycle::3               212      0.92%     45.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu17.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             12583     54.72%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu17.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu17.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu17.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu17.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         22997                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               44061     83.51%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.01%     83.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     83.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     83.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     83.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     83.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     83.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     83.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     83.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     83.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     83.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     83.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     83.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     83.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     83.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     83.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     83.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     83.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     83.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     83.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     83.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     83.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     83.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               7467     14.15%     97.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              1230      2.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::total                52761                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.rate                         1.709911                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu17.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu17.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu17.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           128935                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu17.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           61032                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu17.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        52430                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu17.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu17.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu17.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu17.iq.int_alu_accesses                52761                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu17.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu17.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              7                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu17.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu17.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          705                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu17.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu17.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            9                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu17.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          251                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu17.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu17.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu17.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           65                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu17.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           35                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu17.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu17.iew.iewSquashCycles                  186                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu17.iew.iewBlockCycles                   528                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu17.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu17.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             55960                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu17.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              88                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu17.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                7736                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu17.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               1370                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu17.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               93                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu17.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu17.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                   0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu17.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            9                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu17.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           60                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu17.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           67                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu17.iew.branchMispredicts                127                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu17.iew.iewExecutedInsts               52685                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu17.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                7440                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu17.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              76                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu17.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu17.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu17.iew.exec_refs                       8643                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu17.iew.exec_branches                  12380                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu17.iew.exec_stores                     1203                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu17.iew.exec_rate                   1.707447                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu17.iew.wb_sent                        52498                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu17.iew.wb_count                       52430                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu17.iew.wb_producers                   37391                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu17.iew.wb_consumers                   75981                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu17.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu17.iew.wb_rate                     1.699183                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu17.iew.wb_fanout                   0.492110                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu17.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu17.commit.commitSquashedInsts          5004                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu17.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           153                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu17.commit.branchMispredicts             125                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu17.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        22282                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu17.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.283951                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu17.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.524566                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu17.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu17.commit.committed_per_cycle::0         9364     42.02%     42.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu17.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         2462     11.05%     53.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu17.commit.committed_per_cycle::2          232      1.04%     54.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu17.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         4043     18.14%     72.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu17.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          121      0.54%     72.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu17.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         4197     18.84%     91.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu17.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          212      0.95%     92.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu17.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          113      0.51%     93.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu17.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         1538      6.90%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu17.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu17.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu17.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu17.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        22282                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu17.commit.committedInsts              49163                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu17.commit.committedOps                50891                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu17.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu17.commit.refs                         8150                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu17.commit.loads                        7031                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu17.commit.membars                        65                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu17.commit.branches                    12099                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu17.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu17.commit.int_insts                   39093                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu17.commit.function_calls                183                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          42739     83.98%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          7031     13.82%     97.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         1119      2.20%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::total           50891                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.bw_lim_events                1538                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu17.rob.rob_reads                      75898                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu17.rob.rob_writes                    112570                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu17.timesIdled                            41                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu17.idleCycles                          7859                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu17.quiesceCycles                      69231                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu17.committedInsts                     49163                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu17.committedOps                       50891                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu17.cpi                             0.627626                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu17.cpi_total                       0.627626                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu17.ipc                             1.593304                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu17.ipc_total                       1.593304                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu17.int_regfile_reads                  70367                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu17.int_regfile_writes                 21951                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu17.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu17.cc_regfile_reads                  179892                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu17.cc_regfile_writes                  71535                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu17.misc_regfile_reads                  9838                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu17.misc_regfile_writes                  130                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu17.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu17.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           7.266198                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu17.dcache.tags.total_refs              8304                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu17.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              27                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu17.dcache.tags.avg_refs          307.555556                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu17.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu17.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu17.data     7.266198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu17.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu17.data     0.007096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu17.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.007096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu17.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu17.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu17.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu17.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.026367                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu17.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           16914                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.tags.data_accesses          16914                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu17.data         7236                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          7236                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu17.data         1066                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         1066                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu17.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu17.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu17.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu17.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu17.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu17.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_hits::cpu17.data         8302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_hits::total           8302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_hits::cpu17.data         8304                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_hits::total          8304                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu17.data           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu17.data           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu17.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu17.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu17.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu17.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu17.data           29                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu17.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           29                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu17.data            8                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            8                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_misses::cpu17.data           75                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_misses::total           75                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_misses::cpu17.data           78                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_misses::total           78                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu17.data      6794499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6794499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu17.data      4085250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4085250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu17.data      1382940                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1382940                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu17.data        37499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        37499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu17.data       322999                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       322999                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu17.data     10879749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     10879749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu17.data     10879749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     10879749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu17.data         7292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu17.data         1085                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1085                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu17.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu17.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu17.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu17.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu17.data           32                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu17.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           32                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu17.data            8                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            8                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu17.data         8377                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_accesses::total         8377                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu17.data         8382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_accesses::total         8382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu17.data     0.007680                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007680                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu17.data     0.017512                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.017512                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu17.data     0.600000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.600000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu17.data     0.906250                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.906250                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu17.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu17.data     0.008953                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008953                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu17.data     0.009306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu17.data 121330.339286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121330.339286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu17.data 215013.157895                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 215013.157895                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu17.data 47687.586207                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47687.586207                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu17.data  4687.375000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4687.375000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu17.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu17.data 145063.320000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 145063.320000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu17.data 139483.961538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 139483.961538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu17.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          153                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu17.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu17.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu17.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu17.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          153                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu17.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu17.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu17.data           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu17.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu17.data           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu17.data           40                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu17.data           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu17.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu17.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu17.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu17.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu17.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu17.data           29                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu17.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu17.data            8                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu17.data           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu17.data           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.data      2542501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2542501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.data      1263500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1263500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.data        18500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        18500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.data      1278560                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1278560                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.data        27001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        27001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.data       306501                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       306501                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.data      3806001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3806001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.data      3824501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3824501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu17.data     0.003840                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003840                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu17.data     0.006452                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006452                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu17.data     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu17.data     0.906250                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.906250                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu17.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu17.data     0.004178                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004178                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu17.data     0.004414                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004414                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.data 90803.607143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90803.607143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.data       180500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       180500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.data         9250                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9250                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.data 44088.275862                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44088.275862                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.data  3375.125000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3375.125000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.data 108742.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108742.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.data 103364.891892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103364.891892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu17.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu17.icache.tags.tagsinuse          12.151999                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu17.icache.tags.total_refs              1243                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu17.icache.tags.sampled_refs              53                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu17.icache.tags.avg_refs           23.452830                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu17.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu17.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu17.inst    12.151999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu17.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu17.inst     0.023734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu17.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.023734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu17.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu17.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu17.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu17.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.103516                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu17.icache.tags.tag_accesses            2691                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu17.icache.tags.data_accesses           2691                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu17.inst         1243                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          1243                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu17.icache.demand_hits::cpu17.inst         1243                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu17.icache.demand_hits::total           1243                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu17.icache.overall_hits::cpu17.inst         1243                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu17.icache.overall_hits::total          1243                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu17.inst           76                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           76                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu17.icache.demand_misses::cpu17.inst           76                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu17.icache.demand_misses::total           76                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu17.icache.overall_misses::cpu17.inst           76                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu17.icache.overall_misses::total           76                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu17.inst      9858500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9858500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu17.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu17.inst      9858500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu17.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9858500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu17.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu17.inst      9858500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu17.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9858500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu17.inst         1319                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1319                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu17.icache.demand_accesses::cpu17.inst         1319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu17.icache.demand_accesses::total         1319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu17.icache.overall_accesses::cpu17.inst         1319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu17.icache.overall_accesses::total         1319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu17.inst     0.057619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.057619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu17.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu17.inst     0.057619                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu17.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.057619                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu17.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu17.inst     0.057619                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu17.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.057619                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu17.inst 129717.105263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129717.105263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu17.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu17.inst 129717.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu17.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 129717.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu17.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu17.inst 129717.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu17.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 129717.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu17.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          165                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu17.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu17.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu17.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu17.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    82.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu17.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu17.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu17.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu17.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu17.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu17.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu17.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu17.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu17.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu17.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu17.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu17.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu17.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu17.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu17.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu17.inst           53                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu17.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.inst      7732500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7732500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.inst      7732500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7732500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.inst      7732500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7732500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu17.inst     0.040182                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040182                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu17.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu17.inst     0.040182                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu17.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040182                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu17.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu17.inst     0.040182                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu17.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040182                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.inst 145896.226415                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 145896.226415                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.inst 145896.226415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 145896.226415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.inst 145896.226415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 145896.226415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu18.branchPred.lookups                 13890                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu18.branchPred.condPredicted           13169                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu18.branchPred.condIncorrect             154                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu18.branchPred.BTBLookups              10220                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu18.branchPred.BTBHits                  7009                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu18.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu18.branchPred.BTBHitPct           68.581213                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu18.branchPred.usedRAS                   324                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu18.branchPred.RASInCorrect                1                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu18.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu18.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu18.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu18.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu18.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu18.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu18.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu18.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu18.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu18.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu18.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu18.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu18.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu18.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu18.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu18.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu18.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu18.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu18.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu18.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu18.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu18.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu18.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu18.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu18.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu18.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu18.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu18.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu18.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu18.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu18.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu18.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu18.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu18.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu18.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu18.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu18.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu18.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu18.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu18.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu18.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu18.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu18.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu18.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu18.numCycles                          30146                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu18.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu18.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu18.fetch.icacheStallCycles             2937                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu18.fetch.Insts                        56929                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu18.fetch.Branches                     13890                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu18.fetch.predictedBranches             7333                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu18.fetch.Cycles                       18858                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu18.fetch.SquashCycles                   427                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu18.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu18.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles            1                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu18.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu18.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu18.fetch.CacheLines                    1277                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu18.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  68                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu18.fetch.rateDist::samples            22030                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu18.fetch.rateDist::mean            2.717885                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu18.fetch.rateDist::stdev           3.676953                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu18.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu18.fetch.rateDist::0                  13761     62.46%     62.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu18.fetch.rateDist::1                    270      1.23%     63.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu18.fetch.rateDist::2                     94      0.43%     64.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu18.fetch.rateDist::3                    327      1.48%     65.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu18.fetch.rateDist::4                    229      1.04%     66.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu18.fetch.rateDist::5                    275      1.25%     67.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu18.fetch.rateDist::6                    203      0.92%     68.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu18.fetch.rateDist::7                     41      0.19%     69.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu18.fetch.rateDist::8                   6830     31.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu18.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu18.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu18.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu18.fetch.rateDist::total              22030                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu18.fetch.branchRate                0.460758                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu18.fetch.rate                      1.888443                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu18.decode.IdleCycles                   4244                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu18.decode.BlockedCycles               10211                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu18.decode.RunCycles                    2406                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu18.decode.UnblockCycles                4983                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu18.decode.SquashCycles                  185                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu18.decode.BranchResolved                335                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu18.decode.BranchMispred                  28                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu18.decode.DecodedInsts                55565                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu18.decode.SquashedInsts                 101                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu18.rename.SquashCycles                  185                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu18.rename.IdleCycles                   4693                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu18.rename.BlockCycles                  2467                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu18.rename.serializeStallCycles         4504                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu18.rename.RunCycles                    6882                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu18.rename.UnblockCycles                3298                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu18.rename.RenamedInsts                54523                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu18.rename.ROBFullEvents                   4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu18.rename.IQFullEvents                 2934                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu18.rename.LQFullEvents                    8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu18.rename.RenamedOperands             96139                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu18.rename.RenameLookups              264441                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu18.rename.int_rename_lookups          73206                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu18.rename.CommittedMaps               86795                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu18.rename.UndoneMaps                   9333                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu18.rename.serializingInsts               81                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu18.rename.tempSerializingInsts           79                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu18.rename.skidInsts                    8463                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu18.memDep0.insertedLoads               7469                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu18.memDep0.insertedStores              1366                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu18.memDep0.conflictingLoads             644                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu18.memDep0.conflictingStores            733                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu18.iq.iqInstsAdded                    53649                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu18.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               146                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu18.iq.iqInstsIssued                   50638                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu18.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             417                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu18.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          5168                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu18.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        16491                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu18.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu18.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        22030                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu18.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       2.298593                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu18.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      1.922908                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu18.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu18.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              8556     38.84%     38.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu18.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               671      3.05%     41.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu18.iq.issued_per_cycle::2               523      2.37%     44.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu18.iq.issued_per_cycle::3               199      0.90%     45.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu18.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             12081     54.84%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu18.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu18.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu18.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu18.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         22030                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               42247     83.43%     83.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.01%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               7212     14.24%     97.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              1176      2.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::total                50638                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.rate                         1.679759                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu18.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu18.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu18.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           123723                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu18.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           58973                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu18.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        50308                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu18.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu18.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu18.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu18.iq.int_alu_accesses                50638                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu18.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu18.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              9                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu18.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu18.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          745                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu18.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu18.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu18.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          310                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu18.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu18.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu18.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           66                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu18.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           37                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu18.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu18.iew.iewSquashCycles                  185                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu18.iew.iewBlockCycles                   544                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu18.iew.iewUnblockCycles                1789                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu18.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             53798                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu18.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              32                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu18.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                7469                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu18.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               1366                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu18.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               70                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu18.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu18.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                1789                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu18.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu18.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           64                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu18.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           68                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu18.iew.branchMispredicts                132                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu18.iew.iewExecutedInsts               50572                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu18.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                7195                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu18.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              66                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu18.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu18.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu18.iew.exec_refs                       8345                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu18.iew.exec_branches                  11868                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu18.iew.exec_stores                     1150                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu18.iew.exec_rate                   1.677569                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu18.iew.wb_sent                        50383                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu18.iew.wb_count                       50308                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu18.iew.wb_producers                   35862                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu18.iew.wb_consumers                   72754                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu18.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu18.iew.wb_rate                     1.668812                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu18.iew.wb_fanout                   0.492921                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu18.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu18.commit.commitSquashedInsts          5106                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu18.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           130                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu18.commit.branchMispredicts             126                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu18.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        21300                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu18.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.282958                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu18.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.486695                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu18.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu18.commit.committed_per_cycle::0         8991     42.21%     42.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu18.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         2027      9.52%     51.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu18.commit.committed_per_cycle::2          290      1.36%     53.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu18.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         4082     19.16%     72.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu18.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          182      0.85%     73.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu18.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         4096     19.23%     92.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu18.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          192      0.90%     93.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu18.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          106      0.50%     93.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu18.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         1334      6.26%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu18.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu18.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu18.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu18.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        21300                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu18.commit.committedInsts              46968                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu18.commit.committedOps                48627                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu18.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu18.commit.refs                         7780                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu18.commit.loads                        6724                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu18.commit.membars                        64                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu18.commit.branches                    11562                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu18.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu18.commit.int_insts                   37353                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu18.commit.function_calls                176                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          40845     84.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          6724     13.83%     97.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         1056      2.17%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::total           48627                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.bw_lim_events                1334                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu18.rob.rob_reads                      72997                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu18.rob.rob_writes                    108267                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu18.timesIdled                            40                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu18.idleCycles                          8116                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu18.quiesceCycles                      69941                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu18.committedInsts                     46968                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu18.committedOps                       48627                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu18.cpi                             0.641841                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu18.cpi_total                       0.641841                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu18.ipc                             1.558018                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu18.ipc_total                       1.558018                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu18.int_regfile_reads                  67508                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu18.int_regfile_writes                 21116                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu18.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu18.cc_regfile_reads                  172737                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu18.cc_regfile_writes                  68529                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu18.misc_regfile_reads                  9449                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu18.misc_regfile_writes                   51                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu18.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu18.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           7.147281                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu18.dcache.tags.total_refs              7987                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu18.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              28                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu18.dcache.tags.avg_refs          285.250000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu18.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu18.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu18.data     7.147281                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu18.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu18.data     0.006980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu18.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.006980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu18.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu18.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu18.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu18.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.027344                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu18.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           16301                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.tags.data_accesses          16301                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu18.data         6963                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          6963                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu18.data         1022                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         1022                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu18.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu18.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu18.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_hits::cpu18.data         7985                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_hits::total           7985                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_hits::cpu18.data         7987                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_hits::total          7987                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu18.data           93                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           93                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu18.data           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu18.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu18.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu18.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu18.data           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu18.data            8                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            8                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_misses::cpu18.data          112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_misses::total          112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_misses::cpu18.data          115                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_misses::total          115                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu18.data     10093250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10093250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu18.data      7724750                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7724750                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu18.data       690432                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       690432                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu18.data        37500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        37500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu18.data       239000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       239000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu18.data     17818000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     17818000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu18.data     17818000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     17818000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu18.data         7056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu18.data         1041                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1041                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu18.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu18.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu18.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu18.data           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu18.data            8                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            8                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu18.data         8097                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_accesses::total         8097                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu18.data         8102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_accesses::total         8102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu18.data     0.013180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu18.data     0.018252                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.018252                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu18.data     0.600000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.600000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu18.data            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu18.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu18.data     0.013832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu18.data     0.014194                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014194                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu18.data 108529.569892                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108529.569892                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu18.data 406565.789474                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 406565.789474                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu18.data 53110.153846                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53110.153846                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu18.data  4687.500000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4687.500000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu18.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu18.data 159089.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159089.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu18.data 154939.130435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154939.130435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu18.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          227                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu18.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu18.dcache.blocked::no_targets             3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu18.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu18.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    75.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu18.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu18.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu18.data           64                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           64                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu18.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu18.data           76                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           76                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu18.data           76                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           76                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu18.data           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu18.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu18.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu18.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu18.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu18.data           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu18.data            8                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu18.data           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu18.data           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.data      2778500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2778500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.data      2487500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2487500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.data        19001                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        19001                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.data       640568                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       640568                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.data        28500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        28500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.data       224000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       224000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.data      5266000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5266000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.data      5285001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5285001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu18.data     0.004110                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004110                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu18.data     0.006724                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006724                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu18.data     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu18.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu18.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu18.data     0.004446                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004446                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu18.data     0.004690                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004690                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.data 95810.344828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95810.344828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.data 355357.142857                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 355357.142857                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.data  9500.500000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9500.500000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.data 49274.461538                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49274.461538                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.data  3562.500000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3562.500000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.data 146277.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 146277.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.data 139078.973684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 139078.973684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu18.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu18.icache.tags.tagsinuse          11.965821                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu18.icache.tags.total_refs              1199                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu18.icache.tags.sampled_refs              54                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu18.icache.tags.avg_refs           22.203704                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu18.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu18.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu18.inst    11.965821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu18.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu18.inst     0.023371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu18.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.023371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu18.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu18.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu18.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu18.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.105469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu18.icache.tags.tag_accesses            2608                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu18.icache.tags.data_accesses           2608                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu18.inst         1199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          1199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu18.icache.demand_hits::cpu18.inst         1199                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu18.icache.demand_hits::total           1199                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu18.icache.overall_hits::cpu18.inst         1199                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu18.icache.overall_hits::total          1199                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu18.inst           78                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu18.icache.demand_misses::cpu18.inst           78                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu18.icache.demand_misses::total           78                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu18.icache.overall_misses::cpu18.inst           78                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu18.icache.overall_misses::total           78                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu18.inst      9543000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9543000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu18.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu18.inst      9543000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu18.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9543000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu18.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu18.inst      9543000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu18.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9543000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu18.inst         1277                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1277                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu18.icache.demand_accesses::cpu18.inst         1277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu18.icache.demand_accesses::total         1277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu18.icache.overall_accesses::cpu18.inst         1277                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu18.icache.overall_accesses::total         1277                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu18.inst     0.061081                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.061081                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu18.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu18.inst     0.061081                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu18.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.061081                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu18.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu18.inst     0.061081                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu18.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.061081                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu18.inst 122346.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122346.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu18.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu18.inst 122346.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu18.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122346.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu18.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu18.inst 122346.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu18.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122346.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu18.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          138                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu18.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu18.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu18.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu18.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          138                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu18.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu18.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu18.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu18.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu18.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu18.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu18.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu18.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu18.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu18.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu18.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu18.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu18.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu18.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu18.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu18.inst           54                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu18.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           54                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.inst      7332000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7332000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.inst      7332000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7332000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.inst      7332000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7332000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu18.inst     0.042287                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042287                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu18.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu18.inst     0.042287                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu18.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042287                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu18.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu18.inst     0.042287                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu18.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042287                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.inst 135777.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 135777.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.inst 135777.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 135777.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.inst 135777.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 135777.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu19.branchPred.lookups                 13780                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu19.branchPred.condPredicted           13038                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu19.branchPred.condIncorrect             162                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu19.branchPred.BTBLookups              10062                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu19.branchPred.BTBHits                  6951                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu19.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu19.branchPred.BTBHitPct           69.081694                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu19.branchPred.usedRAS                   328                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu19.branchPred.RASInCorrect                1                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu19.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu19.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu19.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu19.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu19.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu19.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu19.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu19.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu19.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu19.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu19.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu19.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu19.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu19.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu19.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu19.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu19.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu19.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu19.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu19.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu19.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu19.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu19.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu19.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu19.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu19.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu19.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu19.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu19.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu19.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu19.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu19.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu19.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu19.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu19.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu19.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu19.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu19.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu19.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu19.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu19.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu19.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu19.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu19.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu19.numCycles                          29803                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu19.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu19.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu19.fetch.icacheStallCycles             3744                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu19.fetch.Insts                        56583                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu19.fetch.Branches                     13780                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu19.fetch.predictedBranches             7279                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu19.fetch.Cycles                       18025                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu19.fetch.SquashCycles                   437                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu19.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu19.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles            1                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu19.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu19.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu19.fetch.CacheLines                    1311                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu19.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  63                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu19.fetch.rateDist::samples            22009                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu19.fetch.rateDist::mean            2.706711                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu19.fetch.rateDist::stdev           3.669358                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu19.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu19.fetch.rateDist::0                  13755     62.50%     62.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu19.fetch.rateDist::1                    277      1.26%     63.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu19.fetch.rateDist::2                    107      0.49%     64.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu19.fetch.rateDist::3                    319      1.45%     65.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu19.fetch.rateDist::4                    225      1.02%     66.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu19.fetch.rateDist::5                    314      1.43%     68.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu19.fetch.rateDist::6                    200      0.91%     69.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu19.fetch.rateDist::7                     42      0.19%     69.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu19.fetch.rateDist::8                   6770     30.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu19.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu19.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu19.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu19.fetch.rateDist::total              22009                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu19.fetch.branchRate                0.462370                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu19.fetch.rate                      1.898567                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu19.decode.IdleCycles                   4201                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu19.decode.BlockedCycles               10269                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu19.decode.RunCycles                    2513                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu19.decode.UnblockCycles                4835                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu19.decode.SquashCycles                  190                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu19.decode.BranchResolved                342                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu19.decode.BranchMispred                  28                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu19.decode.DecodedInsts                55218                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu19.decode.SquashedInsts                 101                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu19.rename.SquashCycles                  190                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu19.rename.IdleCycles                   4719                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu19.rename.BlockCycles                   707                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu19.rename.serializeStallCycles         6294                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu19.rename.RunCycles                    6776                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu19.rename.UnblockCycles                3322                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu19.rename.RenamedInsts                54132                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu19.rename.ROBFullEvents                   5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu19.rename.IQFullEvents                 2893                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu19.rename.LQFullEvents                    3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu19.rename.RenamedOperands             95299                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu19.rename.RenameLookups              262422                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu19.rename.int_rename_lookups          72608                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu19.rename.CommittedMaps               86063                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu19.rename.UndoneMaps                   9225                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu19.rename.serializingInsts              104                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu19.rename.tempSerializingInsts          103                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu19.rename.skidInsts                    9094                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu19.memDep0.insertedLoads               7387                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu19.memDep0.insertedStores              1377                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu19.memDep0.conflictingLoads             602                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu19.memDep0.conflictingStores            698                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu19.iq.iqInstsAdded                    53166                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu19.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               170                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu19.iq.iqInstsIssued                   50229                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu19.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             420                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu19.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          5099                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu19.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        16225                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu19.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           23                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu19.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        22009                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu19.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       2.282203                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu19.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      1.923877                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu19.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu19.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              8602     39.08%     39.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu19.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               724      3.29%     42.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu19.iq.issued_per_cycle::2               514      2.34%     44.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu19.iq.issued_per_cycle::3               199      0.90%     45.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu19.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             11970     54.39%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu19.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu19.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu19.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu19.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         22009                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               41899     83.42%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.01%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               7147     14.23%     97.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              1180      2.35%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::total                50229                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.rate                         1.685367                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu19.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu19.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu19.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           122887                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu19.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           58440                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu19.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        49890                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu19.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu19.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu19.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu19.iq.int_alu_accesses                50229                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu19.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu19.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads             10                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu19.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu19.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          718                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu19.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu19.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            5                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu19.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          320                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu19.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu19.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu19.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           65                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu19.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           36                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu19.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu19.iew.iewSquashCycles                  190                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu19.iew.iewBlockCycles                   534                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu19.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu19.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             53339                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu19.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              96                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu19.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                7387                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu19.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               1377                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu19.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               90                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu19.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu19.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                   0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu19.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            5                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu19.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           64                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu19.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           75                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu19.iew.branchMispredicts                139                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu19.iew.iewExecutedInsts               50145                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu19.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                7122                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu19.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              84                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu19.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu19.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu19.iew.exec_refs                       8273                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu19.iew.exec_branches                  11776                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu19.iew.exec_stores                     1151                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu19.iew.exec_rate                   1.682549                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu19.iew.wb_sent                        49959                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu19.iew.wb_count                       49890                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu19.iew.wb_producers                   35550                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu19.iew.wb_consumers                   72100                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu19.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu19.iew.wb_rate                     1.673993                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu19.iew.wb_fanout                   0.493065                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu19.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu19.commit.commitSquashedInsts          5037                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu19.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           147                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu19.commit.branchMispredicts             134                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu19.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        21284                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu19.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.266350                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu19.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.544100                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu19.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu19.commit.committed_per_cycle::0         9007     42.32%     42.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu19.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         2485     11.68%     53.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu19.commit.committed_per_cycle::2          276      1.30%     55.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu19.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         3660     17.20%     72.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu19.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          152      0.71%     73.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu19.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3828     17.99%     91.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu19.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          195      0.92%     92.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu19.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          146      0.69%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu19.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         1535      7.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu19.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu19.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu19.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu19.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        21284                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu19.commit.committedInsts              46607                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu19.commit.committedOps                48237                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu19.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu19.commit.refs                         7726                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu19.commit.loads                        6669                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu19.commit.membars                        63                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu19.commit.branches                    11470                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu19.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu19.commit.int_insts                   37050                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu19.commit.function_calls                173                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          40509     83.98%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          6669     13.83%     97.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         1057      2.19%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::total           48237                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.bw_lim_events                1535                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu19.rob.rob_reads                      72334                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu19.rob.rob_writes                    107339                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu19.timesIdled                            44                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu19.idleCycles                          7794                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu19.quiesceCycles                      70284                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu19.committedInsts                     46607                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu19.committedOps                       48237                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu19.cpi                             0.639453                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu19.cpi_total                       0.639453                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu19.ipc                             1.563836                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu19.ipc_total                       1.563836                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu19.int_regfile_reads                  66900                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu19.int_regfile_writes                 20935                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu19.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu19.cc_regfile_reads                  171315                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu19.cc_regfile_writes                  67915                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu19.misc_regfile_reads                  9443                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu19.misc_regfile_writes                  132                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu19.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu19.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           6.913564                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu19.dcache.tags.total_refs              7888                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu19.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              27                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu19.dcache.tags.avg_refs          292.148148                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu19.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu19.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu19.data     6.913564                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu19.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu19.data     0.006752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu19.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.006752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu19.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu19.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu19.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu19.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.026367                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu19.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           16146                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.tags.data_accesses          16146                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu19.data         6882                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          6882                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu19.data         1004                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         1004                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu19.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu19.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu19.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu19.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_hits::cpu19.data         7886                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_hits::total           7886                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_hits::cpu19.data         7888                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_hits::total          7888                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu19.data           87                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           87                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu19.data           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu19.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu19.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu19.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu19.data           32                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           32                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu19.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_misses::cpu19.data          106                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_misses::total          106                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_misses::cpu19.data          109                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_misses::total          109                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu19.data      8094617                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8094617                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu19.data      5073250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5073250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu19.data      1406414                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1406414                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu19.data        98000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        98000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu19.data       168500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       168500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu19.data     13167867                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     13167867                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu19.data     13167867                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     13167867                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu19.data         6969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu19.data         1023                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1023                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu19.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu19.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu19.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu19.data           33                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           33                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu19.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu19.data         7992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_accesses::total         7992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu19.data         7997                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_accesses::total         7997                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu19.data     0.012484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.012484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu19.data     0.018573                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.018573                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu19.data     0.600000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.600000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu19.data     0.969697                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.969697                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu19.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu19.data     0.013263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu19.data     0.013630                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013630                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu19.data 93041.574713                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93041.574713                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu19.data 267013.157895                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 267013.157895                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu19.data 43950.437500                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43950.437500                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu19.data        14000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        14000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu19.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu19.data 124225.160377                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124225.160377                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu19.data 120806.119266                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120806.119266                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           20                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu19.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          264                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu19.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu19.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu19.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           20                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu19.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          264                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu19.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu19.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu19.data           59                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           59                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu19.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu19.data           71                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           71                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu19.data           71                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           71                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu19.data           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu19.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu19.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu19.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu19.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu19.data           32                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu19.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu19.data           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu19.data           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.data      2447257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2447257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.data      1548750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1548750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.data        18500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        18500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.data      1289086                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1289086                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.data        89000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        89000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.data       156500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.data      3996007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3996007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.data      4014507                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4014507                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu19.data     0.004018                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004018                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu19.data     0.006843                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006843                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu19.data     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu19.data     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu19.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu19.data     0.004379                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004379                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu19.data     0.004627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.data 87402.035714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87402.035714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.data       221250                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       221250                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.data         9250                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9250                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.data 40283.937500                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40283.937500                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.data 12714.285714                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12714.285714                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.data 114171.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114171.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.data 108500.189189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108500.189189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu19.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu19.icache.tags.tagsinuse          11.849147                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu19.icache.tags.total_refs              1235                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu19.icache.tags.sampled_refs              53                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu19.icache.tags.avg_refs           23.301887                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu19.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu19.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu19.inst    11.849147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu19.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu19.inst     0.023143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu19.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.023143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu19.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu19.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu19.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu19.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.103516                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu19.icache.tags.tag_accesses            2675                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu19.icache.tags.data_accesses           2675                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu19.inst         1235                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          1235                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu19.icache.demand_hits::cpu19.inst         1235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu19.icache.demand_hits::total           1235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu19.icache.overall_hits::cpu19.inst         1235                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu19.icache.overall_hits::total          1235                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu19.inst           76                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           76                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu19.icache.demand_misses::cpu19.inst           76                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu19.icache.demand_misses::total           76                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu19.icache.overall_misses::cpu19.inst           76                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu19.icache.overall_misses::total           76                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu19.inst      9295500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9295500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu19.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu19.inst      9295500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu19.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9295500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu19.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu19.inst      9295500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu19.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9295500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu19.inst         1311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu19.icache.demand_accesses::cpu19.inst         1311                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu19.icache.demand_accesses::total         1311                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu19.icache.overall_accesses::cpu19.inst         1311                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu19.icache.overall_accesses::total         1311                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu19.inst     0.057971                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.057971                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu19.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu19.inst     0.057971                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu19.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.057971                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu19.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu19.inst     0.057971                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu19.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.057971                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu19.inst 122309.210526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122309.210526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu19.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu19.inst 122309.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu19.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122309.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu19.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu19.inst 122309.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu19.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122309.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu19.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          141                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu19.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu19.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu19.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu19.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          141                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu19.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu19.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu19.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu19.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu19.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu19.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu19.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu19.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu19.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu19.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu19.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu19.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu19.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu19.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu19.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu19.inst           53                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu19.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.inst      7383250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7383250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.inst      7383250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7383250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.inst      7383250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7383250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu19.inst     0.040427                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040427                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu19.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu19.inst     0.040427                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu19.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040427                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu19.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu19.inst     0.040427                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu19.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040427                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.inst 139306.603774                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 139306.603774                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.inst 139306.603774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 139306.603774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.inst 139306.603774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 139306.603774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu20.branchPred.lookups                 13857                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu20.branchPred.condPredicted           13101                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu20.branchPred.condIncorrect             165                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu20.branchPred.BTBLookups               9917                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu20.branchPred.BTBHits                  6979                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu20.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu20.branchPred.BTBHitPct           70.374105                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu20.branchPred.usedRAS                   333                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu20.branchPred.RASInCorrect                1                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu20.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu20.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu20.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu20.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu20.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu20.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu20.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu20.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu20.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu20.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu20.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu20.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu20.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu20.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu20.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu20.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu20.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu20.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu20.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu20.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu20.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu20.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu20.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu20.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu20.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu20.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu20.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu20.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu20.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu20.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu20.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu20.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu20.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu20.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu20.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu20.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu20.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu20.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu20.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu20.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu20.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu20.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu20.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu20.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu20.numCycles                          28980                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu20.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu20.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu20.fetch.icacheStallCycles             3332                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu20.fetch.Insts                        56968                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu20.fetch.Branches                     13857                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu20.fetch.predictedBranches             7312                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu20.fetch.Cycles                       17483                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu20.fetch.SquashCycles                   447                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu20.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu20.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles            1                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu20.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu20.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu20.fetch.CacheLines                    1340                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu20.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  65                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu20.fetch.rateDist::samples            21060                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu20.fetch.rateDist::mean            2.850380                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu20.fetch.rateDist::stdev           3.710354                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu20.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu20.fetch.rateDist::0                  12747     60.53%     60.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu20.fetch.rateDist::1                    273      1.30%     61.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu20.fetch.rateDist::2                     99      0.47%     62.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu20.fetch.rateDist::3                    330      1.57%     63.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu20.fetch.rateDist::4                    232      1.10%     64.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu20.fetch.rateDist::5                    314      1.49%     66.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu20.fetch.rateDist::6                    204      0.97%     67.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu20.fetch.rateDist::7                     42      0.20%     67.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu20.fetch.rateDist::8                   6819     32.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu20.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu20.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu20.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu20.fetch.rateDist::total              21060                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu20.fetch.branchRate                0.478157                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu20.fetch.rate                      1.965769                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu20.decode.IdleCycles                   4217                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu20.decode.BlockedCycles                9252                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu20.decode.RunCycles                    2509                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu20.decode.UnblockCycles                4888                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu20.decode.SquashCycles                  193                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu20.decode.BranchResolved                348                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu20.decode.BranchMispred                  30                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu20.decode.DecodedInsts                55541                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu20.decode.SquashedInsts                 107                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu20.rename.SquashCycles                  193                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu20.rename.IdleCycles                   4712                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu20.rename.BlockCycles                  1035                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu20.rename.serializeStallCycles         4957                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu20.rename.RunCycles                    6846                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu20.rename.UnblockCycles                3316                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu20.rename.RenamedInsts                54429                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu20.rename.ROBFullEvents                   4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu20.rename.IQFullEvents                 2919                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu20.rename.LQFullEvents                    8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu20.rename.RenamedOperands             95738                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu20.rename.RenameLookups              263932                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu20.rename.int_rename_lookups          73023                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu20.rename.CommittedMaps               86311                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu20.rename.UndoneMaps                   9423                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu20.rename.serializingInsts               90                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu20.rename.tempSerializingInsts           89                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu20.rename.skidInsts                    8831                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu20.memDep0.insertedLoads               7442                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu20.memDep0.insertedStores              1398                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu20.memDep0.conflictingLoads             633                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu20.memDep0.conflictingStores            732                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu20.iq.iqInstsAdded                    53453                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu20.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               159                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu20.iq.iqInstsIssued                   50414                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu20.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             423                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu20.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          5233                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu20.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        16706                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu20.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           24                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu20.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        21060                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu20.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       2.393827                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu20.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      1.902330                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu20.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu20.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              7625     36.21%     36.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu20.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               697      3.31%     39.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu20.iq.issued_per_cycle::2               516      2.45%     41.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu20.iq.issued_per_cycle::3               203      0.96%     42.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu20.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             12019     57.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu20.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu20.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu20.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu20.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         21060                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               42050     83.41%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.01%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               7185     14.25%     97.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              1176      2.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::total                50414                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.rate                         1.739614                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu20.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu20.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu20.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           122311                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu20.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           58851                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu20.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        50066                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu20.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu20.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu20.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu20.iq.int_alu_accesses                50414                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu20.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu20.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              9                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu20.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu20.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          748                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu20.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu20.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            6                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu20.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          337                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu20.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu20.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu20.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           67                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu20.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           38                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu20.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu20.iew.iewSquashCycles                  193                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu20.iew.iewBlockCycles                   561                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu20.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 420                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu20.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             53615                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu20.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             104                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu20.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                7442                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu20.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               1398                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu20.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               76                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu20.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu20.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 419                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu20.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            6                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu20.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           65                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu20.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           76                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu20.iew.branchMispredicts                141                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu20.iew.iewExecutedInsts               50327                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu20.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                7160                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu20.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              87                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu20.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu20.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu20.iew.exec_refs                       8309                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu20.iew.exec_branches                  11815                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu20.iew.exec_stores                     1149                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu20.iew.exec_rate                   1.736611                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu20.iew.wb_sent                        50140                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu20.iew.wb_count                       50066                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu20.iew.wb_producers                   35691                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu20.iew.wb_consumers                   72440                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu20.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu20.iew.wb_rate                     1.727605                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu20.iew.wb_fanout                   0.492697                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu20.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu20.commit.commitSquashedInsts          5174                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu20.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           135                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu20.commit.branchMispredicts             135                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu20.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        20315                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu20.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.381442                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu20.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.530460                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu20.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu20.commit.committed_per_cycle::0         8056     39.66%     39.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu20.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         2264     11.14%     50.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu20.commit.committed_per_cycle::2          282      1.39%     52.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu20.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         3834     18.87%     71.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu20.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          152      0.75%     71.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu20.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3940     19.39%     91.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu20.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          207      1.02%     92.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu20.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          141      0.69%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu20.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         1439      7.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu20.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu20.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu20.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu20.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        20315                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu20.commit.committedInsts              46720                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu20.commit.committedOps                48379                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu20.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu20.commit.refs                         7755                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu20.commit.loads                        6694                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu20.commit.membars                        64                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu20.commit.branches                    11499                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu20.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu20.commit.int_insts                   37168                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu20.commit.function_calls                176                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          40622     83.97%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          6694     13.84%     97.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         1061      2.19%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::total           48379                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.bw_lim_events                1439                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu20.rob.rob_reads                      71727                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu20.rob.rob_writes                    107921                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu20.timesIdled                            43                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu20.idleCycles                          7920                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu20.quiesceCycles                      71107                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu20.committedInsts                     46720                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu20.committedOps                       48379                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu20.cpi                             0.620291                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu20.cpi_total                       0.620291                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu20.ipc                             1.612146                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu20.ipc_total                       1.612146                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu20.int_regfile_reads                  67138                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu20.int_regfile_writes                 21020                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu20.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu20.cc_regfile_reads                  171918                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu20.cc_regfile_writes                  68139                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu20.misc_regfile_reads                  9445                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu20.misc_regfile_writes                   73                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu20.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu20.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           7.001683                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu20.dcache.tags.total_refs              7949                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu20.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              28                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu20.dcache.tags.avg_refs          283.892857                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu20.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu20.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu20.data     7.001683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu20.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu20.data     0.006838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu20.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.006838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu20.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu20.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu20.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu20.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.027344                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu20.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           16239                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.tags.data_accesses          16239                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu20.data         6925                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          6925                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu20.data         1022                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         1022                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu20.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu20.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu20.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu20.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_hits::cpu20.data         7947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_hits::total           7947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_hits::cpu20.data         7949                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_hits::total          7949                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu20.data           90                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           90                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu20.data           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu20.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu20.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu20.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu20.data           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu20.data            9                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            9                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_misses::cpu20.data          109                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_misses::total          109                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_misses::cpu20.data          112                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_misses::total          112                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu20.data      8648231                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8648231                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu20.data      4987000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4987000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu20.data       792447                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       792447                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu20.data        47500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        47500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu20.data       367000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       367000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu20.data     13635231                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     13635231                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu20.data     13635231                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     13635231                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu20.data         7015                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7015                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu20.data         1041                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1041                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu20.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu20.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu20.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu20.data           19                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           19                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu20.data            9                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            9                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu20.data         8056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_accesses::total         8056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu20.data         8061                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_accesses::total         8061                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu20.data     0.012830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.012830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu20.data     0.018252                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.018252                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu20.data     0.600000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.600000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu20.data     0.947368                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.947368                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu20.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu20.data     0.013530                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013530                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu20.data     0.013894                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013894                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu20.data 96091.455556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96091.455556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu20.data 262473.684211                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 262473.684211                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu20.data 44024.833333                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44024.833333                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu20.data  5277.777778                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5277.777778                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu20.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu20.data 125093.862385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125093.862385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu20.data 121743.133929                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121743.133929                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           20                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu20.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          155                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu20.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu20.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu20.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           20                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu20.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    77.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu20.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu20.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu20.data           61                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           61                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu20.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu20.data           73                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           73                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu20.data           73                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           73                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu20.data           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu20.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu20.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu20.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu20.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu20.data           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu20.data            9                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu20.data           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu20.data           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.data      3190002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3190002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.data      1582750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1582750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.data        19000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        19000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.data       724553                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       724553                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.data        38500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        38500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.data       349000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       349000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.data      4772752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4772752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.data      4791752                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4791752                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu20.data     0.004134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu20.data     0.006724                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006724                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu20.data     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu20.data     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu20.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu20.data     0.004469                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004469                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu20.data     0.004714                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004714                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.data 110000.068966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110000.068966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.data 226107.142857                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 226107.142857                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.data         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.data 40252.944444                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40252.944444                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.data  4277.777778                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4277.777778                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.data 132576.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 132576.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.data 126098.736842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126098.736842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu20.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu20.icache.tags.tagsinuse          11.785672                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu20.icache.tags.total_refs              1261                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu20.icache.tags.sampled_refs              55                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu20.icache.tags.avg_refs           22.927273                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu20.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu20.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu20.inst    11.785672                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu20.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu20.inst     0.023019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu20.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.023019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu20.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu20.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu20.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu20.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.107422                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu20.icache.tags.tag_accesses            2735                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu20.icache.tags.data_accesses           2735                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu20.inst         1261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          1261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu20.icache.demand_hits::cpu20.inst         1261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu20.icache.demand_hits::total           1261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu20.icache.overall_hits::cpu20.inst         1261                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu20.icache.overall_hits::total          1261                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu20.inst           79                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           79                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu20.icache.demand_misses::cpu20.inst           79                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu20.icache.demand_misses::total           79                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu20.icache.overall_misses::cpu20.inst           79                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu20.icache.overall_misses::total           79                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu20.inst     10774500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10774500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu20.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu20.inst     10774500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu20.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10774500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu20.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu20.inst     10774500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu20.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10774500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu20.inst         1340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu20.icache.demand_accesses::cpu20.inst         1340                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu20.icache.demand_accesses::total         1340                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu20.icache.overall_accesses::cpu20.inst         1340                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu20.icache.overall_accesses::total         1340                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu20.inst     0.058955                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.058955                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu20.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu20.inst     0.058955                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu20.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.058955                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu20.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu20.inst     0.058955                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu20.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.058955                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu20.inst 136386.075949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 136386.075949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu20.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu20.inst 136386.075949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu20.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 136386.075949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu20.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu20.inst 136386.075949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu20.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 136386.075949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu20.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          132                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu20.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu20.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu20.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu20.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          132                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu20.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu20.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu20.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu20.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu20.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu20.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu20.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu20.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu20.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu20.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu20.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu20.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu20.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu20.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu20.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu20.inst           55                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu20.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           55                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.inst      8112250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8112250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.inst      8112250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8112250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.inst      8112250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8112250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu20.inst     0.041045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu20.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu20.inst     0.041045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu20.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu20.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu20.inst     0.041045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu20.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.inst 147495.454545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 147495.454545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.inst 147495.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 147495.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.inst 147495.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 147495.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu21.branchPred.lookups                 12940                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu21.branchPred.condPredicted           12274                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu21.branchPred.condIncorrect             144                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu21.branchPred.BTBLookups               9066                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu21.branchPred.BTBHits                  6516                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu21.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu21.branchPred.BTBHitPct           71.872932                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu21.branchPred.usedRAS                   298                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu21.branchPred.RASInCorrect                1                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu21.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu21.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu21.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu21.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu21.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu21.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu21.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu21.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu21.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu21.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu21.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu21.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu21.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu21.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu21.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu21.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu21.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu21.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu21.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu21.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu21.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu21.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu21.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu21.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu21.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu21.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu21.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu21.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu21.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu21.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu21.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu21.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu21.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu21.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu21.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu21.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu21.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu21.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu21.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu21.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu21.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu21.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu21.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu21.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu21.numCycles                          28090                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu21.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu21.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu21.fetch.icacheStallCycles             2817                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu21.fetch.Insts                        52999                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu21.fetch.Branches                     12940                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu21.fetch.predictedBranches             6814                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu21.fetch.Cycles                       16986                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu21.fetch.SquashCycles                   401                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu21.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu21.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles            1                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu21.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu21.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu21.fetch.CacheLines                    1170                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu21.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  65                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu21.fetch.rateDist::samples            20025                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu21.fetch.rateDist::mean            2.783521                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu21.fetch.rateDist::stdev           3.702172                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu21.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu21.fetch.rateDist::0                  12381     61.83%     61.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu21.fetch.rateDist::1                    215      1.07%     62.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu21.fetch.rateDist::2                     71      0.35%     63.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu21.fetch.rateDist::3                    300      1.50%     64.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu21.fetch.rateDist::4                    212      1.06%     65.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu21.fetch.rateDist::5                    247      1.23%     67.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu21.fetch.rateDist::6                    191      0.95%     68.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu21.fetch.rateDist::7                     10      0.05%     68.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu21.fetch.rateDist::8                   6398     31.95%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu21.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu21.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu21.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu21.fetch.rateDist::total              20025                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu21.fetch.branchRate                0.460662                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu21.fetch.rate                      1.886757                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu21.decode.IdleCycles                   4106                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu21.decode.BlockedCycles                8857                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu21.decode.RunCycles                    2153                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu21.decode.UnblockCycles                4735                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu21.decode.SquashCycles                  173                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu21.decode.BranchResolved                311                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu21.decode.BranchMispred                  27                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu21.decode.DecodedInsts                51830                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu21.decode.SquashedInsts                  93                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu21.rename.SquashCycles                  173                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu21.rename.IdleCycles                   4487                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu21.rename.BlockCycles                  3077                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu21.rename.serializeStallCycles         2795                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu21.rename.RunCycles                    6455                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu21.rename.UnblockCycles                3037                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu21.rename.RenamedInsts                50891                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu21.rename.ROBFullEvents                   4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu21.rename.IQFullEvents                 2733                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu21.rename.LQFullEvents                    8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu21.rename.RenamedOperands             89801                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu21.rename.RenameLookups              246804                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu21.rename.int_rename_lookups          68343                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu21.rename.CommittedMaps               81114                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu21.rename.UndoneMaps                   8676                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu21.rename.serializingInsts               72                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu21.rename.tempSerializingInsts           70                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu21.rename.skidInsts                    7551                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu21.memDep0.insertedLoads               6973                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu21.memDep0.insertedStores              1276                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu21.memDep0.conflictingLoads             593                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu21.memDep0.conflictingStores            665                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu21.iq.iqInstsAdded                    50122                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu21.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               124                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu21.iq.iqInstsIssued                   47303                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu21.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             397                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu21.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          4822                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu21.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        15443                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu21.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu21.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        20025                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu21.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       2.362197                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu21.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      1.911495                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu21.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu21.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              7462     37.26%     37.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu21.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               593      2.96%     40.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu21.iq.issued_per_cycle::2               490      2.45%     42.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu21.iq.issued_per_cycle::3               190      0.95%     43.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu21.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             11290     56.38%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu21.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu21.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu21.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu21.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         20025                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               39468     83.44%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.01%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               6742     14.25%     97.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              1090      2.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::total                47303                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.rate                         1.683980                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu21.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu21.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu21.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           115028                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu21.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           55078                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu21.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        46995                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu21.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu21.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu21.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu21.iq.int_alu_accesses                47303                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu21.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu21.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              9                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu21.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu21.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          696                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu21.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu21.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu21.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          299                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu21.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu21.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu21.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           62                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu21.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           35                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu21.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu21.iew.iewSquashCycles                  173                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu21.iew.iewBlockCycles                   507                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu21.iew.iewUnblockCycles                2456                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu21.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             50249                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu21.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              32                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu21.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                6973                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu21.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               1276                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu21.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               58                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu21.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu21.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                2456                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu21.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu21.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           59                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu21.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           64                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu21.iew.branchMispredicts                123                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu21.iew.iewExecutedInsts               47244                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu21.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                6725                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu21.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              59                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu21.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu21.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu21.iew.exec_refs                       7788                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu21.iew.exec_branches                  11089                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu21.iew.exec_stores                     1063                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu21.iew.exec_rate                   1.681880                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu21.iew.wb_sent                        47063                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu21.iew.wb_count                       46995                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu21.iew.wb_producers                   33537                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu21.iew.wb_consumers                   68055                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu21.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu21.iew.wb_rate                     1.673015                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu21.iew.wb_fanout                   0.492793                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu21.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu21.commit.commitSquashedInsts          4760                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu21.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           115                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu21.commit.branchMispredicts             117                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu21.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        19344                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu21.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.348222                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu21.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.453437                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu21.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu21.commit.committed_per_cycle::0         7861     40.64%     40.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu21.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         1664      8.60%     49.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu21.commit.committed_per_cycle::2          274      1.42%     50.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu21.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         4020     20.78%     71.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu21.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          174      0.90%     72.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu21.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3974     20.54%     92.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu21.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          173      0.89%     93.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu21.commit.committed_per_cycle::7           84      0.43%     94.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu21.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         1120      5.79%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu21.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu21.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu21.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu21.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        19344                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu21.commit.committedInsts              43881                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu21.commit.committedOps                45424                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu21.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu21.commit.refs                         7254                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu21.commit.loads                        6277                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu21.commit.membars                        60                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu21.commit.branches                    10804                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu21.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu21.commit.int_insts                   34888                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu21.commit.function_calls                164                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          38168     84.03%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          6277     13.82%     97.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          977      2.15%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::total           45424                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.bw_lim_events                1120                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu21.rob.rob_reads                      67758                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu21.rob.rob_writes                    101114                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu21.timesIdled                            43                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu21.idleCycles                          8065                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu21.quiesceCycles                      71997                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu21.committedInsts                     43881                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu21.committedOps                       45424                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu21.cpi                             0.640140                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu21.cpi_total                       0.640140                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu21.ipc                             1.562157                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu21.ipc_total                       1.562157                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu21.int_regfile_reads                  63077                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu21.int_regfile_writes                 19716                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu21.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu21.cc_regfile_reads                  161346                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu21.cc_regfile_writes                  64059                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu21.misc_regfile_reads                  8883                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu21.misc_regfile_writes                   22                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu21.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu21.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           6.656015                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu21.dcache.tags.total_refs              7451                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu21.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              28                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu21.dcache.tags.avg_refs          266.107143                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu21.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu21.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu21.data     6.656015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu21.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu21.data     0.006500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu21.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.006500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu21.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu21.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu21.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu21.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.027344                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu21.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           15211                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.tags.data_accesses          15211                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu21.data         6502                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          6502                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu21.data          947                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          947                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu21.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu21.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu21.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu21.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_hits::cpu21.data         7449                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_hits::total           7449                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_hits::cpu21.data         7451                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_hits::total          7451                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu21.data           97                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           97                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu21.data           22                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           22                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu21.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu21.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu21.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu21.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu21.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_misses::cpu21.data          119                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_misses::total          119                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_misses::cpu21.data          122                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_misses::total          122                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu21.data     10778249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10778249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu21.data      8532750                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8532750                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu21.data        64493                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total        64493                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu21.data        37499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        37499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu21.data       179999                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       179999                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu21.data     19310999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     19310999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu21.data     19310999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     19310999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu21.data         6599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu21.data          969                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          969                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu21.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu21.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu21.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu21.data            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu21.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu21.data         7568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_accesses::total         7568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu21.data         7573                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_accesses::total         7573                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu21.data     0.014699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu21.data     0.022704                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.022704                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu21.data     0.600000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.600000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu21.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu21.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu21.data     0.015724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu21.data     0.016110                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016110                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu21.data 111115.969072                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111115.969072                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu21.data 387852.272727                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 387852.272727                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu21.data 16123.250000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16123.250000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu21.data  7499.800000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7499.800000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu21.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu21.data 162277.302521                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162277.302521                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu21.data 158286.877049                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 158286.877049                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu21.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          200                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu21.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu21.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu21.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu21.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          100                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu21.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu21.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu21.data           68                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           68                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu21.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu21.data           83                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           83                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu21.data           83                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           83                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu21.data           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu21.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu21.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu21.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu21.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu21.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu21.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu21.data           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu21.data           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.data      2798501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2798501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.data      2771250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2771250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.data        18000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        18000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.data        51007                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        51007                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.data        27001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        27001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.data       173001                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       173001                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.data      5569751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5569751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.data      5587751                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5587751                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu21.data     0.004395                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004395                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu21.data     0.007224                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007224                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu21.data     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu21.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu21.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu21.data     0.004757                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004757                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu21.data     0.005018                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005018                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.data 96500.034483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96500.034483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.data 395892.857143                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 395892.857143                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.data         9000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.data 12751.750000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12751.750000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.data  5400.200000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5400.200000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.data 154715.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154715.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.data 147046.078947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 147046.078947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu21.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu21.icache.tags.tagsinuse          11.012540                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu21.icache.tags.total_refs              1091                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu21.icache.tags.sampled_refs              52                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu21.icache.tags.avg_refs           20.980769                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu21.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu21.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu21.inst    11.012540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu21.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu21.inst     0.021509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu21.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.021509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu21.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu21.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu21.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu21.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.101562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu21.icache.tags.tag_accesses            2392                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu21.icache.tags.data_accesses           2392                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu21.inst         1091                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          1091                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu21.icache.demand_hits::cpu21.inst         1091                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu21.icache.demand_hits::total           1091                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu21.icache.overall_hits::cpu21.inst         1091                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu21.icache.overall_hits::total          1091                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu21.inst           79                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           79                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu21.icache.demand_misses::cpu21.inst           79                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu21.icache.demand_misses::total           79                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu21.icache.overall_misses::cpu21.inst           79                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu21.icache.overall_misses::total           79                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu21.inst      9609000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9609000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu21.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu21.inst      9609000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu21.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9609000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu21.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu21.inst      9609000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu21.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9609000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu21.inst         1170                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1170                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu21.icache.demand_accesses::cpu21.inst         1170                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu21.icache.demand_accesses::total         1170                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu21.icache.overall_accesses::cpu21.inst         1170                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu21.icache.overall_accesses::total         1170                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu21.inst     0.067521                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.067521                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu21.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu21.inst     0.067521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu21.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.067521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu21.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu21.inst     0.067521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu21.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.067521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu21.inst 121632.911392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121632.911392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu21.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu21.inst 121632.911392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu21.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121632.911392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu21.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu21.inst 121632.911392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu21.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121632.911392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu21.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          131                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu21.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu21.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu21.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu21.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          131                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu21.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu21.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu21.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu21.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu21.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu21.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu21.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu21.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu21.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu21.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu21.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu21.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu21.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu21.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu21.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu21.inst           52                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu21.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.inst      7353000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7353000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.inst      7353000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7353000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.inst      7353000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7353000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu21.inst     0.044444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu21.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu21.inst     0.044444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu21.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu21.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu21.inst     0.044444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu21.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.inst 141403.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 141403.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.inst 141403.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 141403.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.inst 141403.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 141403.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu22.branchPred.lookups                 12127                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu22.branchPred.condPredicted           11479                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu22.branchPred.condIncorrect             142                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu22.branchPred.BTBLookups               9584                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu22.branchPred.BTBHits                  6129                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu22.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu22.branchPred.BTBHitPct           63.950334                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu22.branchPred.usedRAS                   297                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu22.branchPred.RASInCorrect                1                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu22.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu22.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu22.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu22.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu22.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu22.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu22.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu22.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu22.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu22.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu22.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu22.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu22.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu22.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu22.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu22.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu22.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu22.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu22.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu22.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu22.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu22.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu22.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu22.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu22.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu22.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu22.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu22.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu22.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu22.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu22.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu22.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu22.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu22.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu22.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu22.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu22.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu22.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu22.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu22.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu22.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu22.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu22.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu22.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu22.numCycles                          27259                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu22.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu22.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu22.fetch.icacheStallCycles             3517                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu22.fetch.Insts                        49637                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu22.fetch.Branches                     12127                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu22.fetch.predictedBranches             6426                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu22.fetch.Cycles                       16165                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu22.fetch.SquashCycles                   387                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu22.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu22.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles            1                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu22.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu22.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           22                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu22.fetch.CacheLines                    1141                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu22.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  62                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu22.fetch.rateDist::samples            19907                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu22.fetch.rateDist::mean            2.625559                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu22.fetch.rateDist::stdev           3.642100                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu22.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu22.fetch.rateDist::0                  12655     63.57%     63.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu22.fetch.rateDist::1                    245      1.23%     64.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu22.fetch.rateDist::2                    103      0.52%     65.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu22.fetch.rateDist::3                    284      1.43%     66.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu22.fetch.rateDist::4                    196      0.98%     67.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu22.fetch.rateDist::5                    269      1.35%     69.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu22.fetch.rateDist::6                    181      0.91%     69.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu22.fetch.rateDist::7                     43      0.22%     70.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu22.fetch.rateDist::8                   5931     29.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu22.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu22.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu22.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu22.fetch.rateDist::total              19907                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu22.fetch.branchRate                0.444881                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu22.fetch.rate                      1.820940                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu22.decode.IdleCycles                   3674                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu22.decode.BlockedCycles                9594                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu22.decode.RunCycles                    2355                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu22.decode.UnblockCycles                4117                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu22.decode.SquashCycles                  166                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu22.decode.BranchResolved                304                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu22.decode.BranchMispred                  27                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu22.decode.DecodedInsts                48561                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu22.decode.SquashedInsts                 109                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu22.rename.SquashCycles                  166                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu22.rename.IdleCycles                   4188                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu22.rename.BlockCycles                   592                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu22.rename.serializeStallCycles         6056                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu22.rename.RunCycles                    5909                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu22.rename.UnblockCycles                2995                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu22.rename.RenamedInsts                47643                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu22.rename.ROBFullEvents                   5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu22.rename.IQFullEvents                 2568                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu22.rename.RenamedOperands             83859                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu22.rename.RenameLookups              230928                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu22.rename.int_rename_lookups          63872                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu22.rename.CommittedMaps               75657                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu22.rename.UndoneMaps                   8202                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu22.rename.serializingInsts               87                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu22.rename.tempSerializingInsts           86                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu22.rename.skidInsts                    8486                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu22.memDep0.insertedLoads               6520                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu22.memDep0.insertedStores              1242                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu22.memDep0.conflictingLoads             534                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu22.memDep0.conflictingStores            618                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu22.iq.iqInstsAdded                    46870                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu22.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               147                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu22.iq.iqInstsIssued                   44244                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu22.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             375                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu22.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          4581                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu22.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        14500                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu22.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu22.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        19907                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu22.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       2.222535                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu22.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      1.931695                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu22.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu22.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              8072     40.55%     40.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu22.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               672      3.38%     43.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu22.iq.issued_per_cycle::2               446      2.24%     46.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu22.iq.issued_per_cycle::3               188      0.94%     47.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu22.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             10529     52.89%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu22.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu22.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu22.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu22.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         19907                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               36912     83.43%     83.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.01%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               6272     14.18%     97.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              1057      2.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::total                44244                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.rate                         1.623097                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu22.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu22.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu22.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           108770                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu22.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           51607                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu22.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        43949                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu22.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu22.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu22.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu22.iq.int_alu_accesses                44244                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu22.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu22.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              5                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu22.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu22.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          654                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu22.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu22.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            9                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu22.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          296                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu22.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu22.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu22.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           57                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu22.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           30                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu22.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu22.iew.iewSquashCycles                  166                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu22.iew.iewBlockCycles                   492                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu22.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   2                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu22.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             47020                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu22.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              16                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu22.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                6520                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu22.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               1242                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu22.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               80                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu22.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu22.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                   0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu22.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            9                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu22.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           55                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu22.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           64                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu22.iew.branchMispredicts                119                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu22.iew.iewExecutedInsts               44165                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu22.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                6245                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu22.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              79                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu22.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu22.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu22.iew.exec_refs                       7271                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu22.iew.exec_branches                  10370                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu22.iew.exec_stores                     1026                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu22.iew.exec_rate                   1.620199                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu22.iew.wb_sent                        44007                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu22.iew.wb_count                       43949                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu22.iew.wb_producers                   31288                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu22.iew.wb_consumers                   63515                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu22.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu22.iew.wb_rate                     1.612275                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu22.iew.wb_fanout                   0.492608                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu22.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu22.commit.commitSquashedInsts          4558                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu22.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           130                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu22.commit.branchMispredicts             115                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu22.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        19257                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu22.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.203666                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu22.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.583214                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu22.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu22.commit.committed_per_cycle::0         8433     43.79%     43.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu22.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         2484     12.90%     56.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu22.commit.committed_per_cycle::2          248      1.29%     57.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu22.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         2943     15.28%     73.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu22.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          134      0.70%     73.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu22.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3164     16.43%     90.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu22.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          197      1.02%     91.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu22.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          143      0.74%     92.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu22.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         1511      7.85%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu22.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu22.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu22.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu22.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        19257                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu22.commit.committedInsts              40979                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu22.commit.committedOps                42436                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu22.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu22.commit.refs                         6812                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu22.commit.loads                        5866                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu22.commit.membars                        56                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu22.commit.branches                    10085                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu22.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu22.commit.int_insts                   32605                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu22.commit.function_calls                155                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          35622     83.94%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          5866     13.82%     97.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          946      2.23%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::total           42436                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.bw_lim_events                1511                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu22.rob.rob_reads                      64129                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu22.rob.rob_writes                     94665                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu22.timesIdled                            37                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu22.idleCycles                          7352                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu22.quiesceCycles                      72828                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu22.committedInsts                     40979                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu22.committedOps                       42436                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu22.cpi                             0.665194                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu22.cpi_total                       0.665194                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu22.ipc                             1.503320                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu22.ipc_total                       1.503320                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu22.int_regfile_reads                  58888                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu22.int_regfile_writes                 18480                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu22.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu22.cc_regfile_reads                  150828                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu22.cc_regfile_writes                  59727                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu22.misc_regfile_reads                  8417                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu22.misc_regfile_writes                  114                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu22.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu22.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           6.415592                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu22.dcache.tags.total_refs              6944                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu22.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              26                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu22.dcache.tags.avg_refs          267.076923                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu22.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu22.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu22.data     6.415592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu22.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu22.data     0.006265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu22.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.006265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu22.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu22.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu22.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu22.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.025391                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu22.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           14214                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.tags.data_accesses          14214                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu22.data         6047                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          6047                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu22.data          895                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          895                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu22.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu22.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu22.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu22.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_hits::cpu22.data         6942                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_hits::total           6942                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_hits::cpu22.data         6944                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_hits::total          6944                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu22.data           72                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           72                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu22.data           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu22.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu22.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu22.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu22.data           26                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           26                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu22.data            8                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            8                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_misses::cpu22.data           91                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_misses::total           91                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_misses::cpu22.data           94                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_misses::total           94                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu22.data      4995499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4995499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu22.data      2771250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2771250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu22.data       944906                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       944906                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu22.data       131499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       131499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu22.data       445500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       445500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu22.data      7766749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      7766749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu22.data      7766749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      7766749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu22.data         6119                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6119                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu22.data          914                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          914                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu22.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu22.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu22.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu22.data           28                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           28                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu22.data            8                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            8                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu22.data         7033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_accesses::total         7033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu22.data         7038                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_accesses::total         7038                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu22.data     0.011767                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011767                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu22.data     0.020788                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.020788                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu22.data     0.600000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.600000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu22.data     0.928571                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.928571                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu22.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu22.data     0.012939                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012939                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu22.data     0.013356                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013356                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu22.data 69381.930556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69381.930556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu22.data 145855.263158                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 145855.263158                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu22.data 36342.538462                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36342.538462                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu22.data 16437.375000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16437.375000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu22.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu22.data 85348.890110                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85348.890110                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu22.data 82624.989362                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 82624.989362                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu22.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          188                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu22.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu22.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu22.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu22.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           94                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu22.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu22.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu22.data           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu22.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu22.data           57                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu22.data           57                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           57                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu22.data           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu22.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu22.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu22.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu22.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu22.data           26                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu22.data            8                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu22.data           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu22.data           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.data      1774501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1774501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.data       809250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       809250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.data        18500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        18500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.data       847094                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       847094                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.data       121001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       121001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.data       430500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       430500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.data      2583751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2583751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.data      2602251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2602251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu22.data     0.004412                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004412                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu22.data     0.007659                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007659                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu22.data     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu22.data     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu22.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu22.data     0.004834                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004834                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu22.data     0.005115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.data 65722.259259                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65722.259259                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.data 115607.142857                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115607.142857                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.data         9250                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9250                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.data 32580.538462                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32580.538462                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.data 15125.125000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15125.125000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.data 75992.676471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75992.676471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.data 72284.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72284.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu22.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu22.icache.tags.tagsinuse          10.452397                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu22.icache.tags.total_refs              1068                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu22.icache.tags.sampled_refs              49                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu22.icache.tags.avg_refs           21.795918                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu22.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu22.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu22.inst    10.452397                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu22.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu22.inst     0.020415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu22.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.020415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu22.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu22.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu22.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu22.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.095703                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu22.icache.tags.tag_accesses            2331                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu22.icache.tags.data_accesses           2331                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu22.inst         1068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          1068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu22.icache.demand_hits::cpu22.inst         1068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu22.icache.demand_hits::total           1068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu22.icache.overall_hits::cpu22.inst         1068                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu22.icache.overall_hits::total          1068                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu22.inst           73                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           73                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu22.icache.demand_misses::cpu22.inst           73                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu22.icache.demand_misses::total           73                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu22.icache.overall_misses::cpu22.inst           73                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu22.icache.overall_misses::total           73                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu22.inst     10325750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10325750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu22.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu22.inst     10325750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu22.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10325750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu22.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu22.inst     10325750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu22.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10325750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu22.inst         1141                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1141                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu22.icache.demand_accesses::cpu22.inst         1141                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu22.icache.demand_accesses::total         1141                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu22.icache.overall_accesses::cpu22.inst         1141                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu22.icache.overall_accesses::total         1141                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu22.inst     0.063979                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.063979                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu22.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu22.inst     0.063979                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu22.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.063979                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu22.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu22.inst     0.063979                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu22.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.063979                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu22.inst 141448.630137                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 141448.630137                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu22.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu22.inst 141448.630137                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu22.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 141448.630137                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu22.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu22.inst 141448.630137                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu22.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 141448.630137                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu22.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          201                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu22.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu22.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu22.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu22.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   100.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu22.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu22.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu22.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu22.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu22.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu22.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu22.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu22.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu22.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu22.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu22.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu22.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu22.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu22.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu22.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu22.inst           49                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu22.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           49                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.inst      7696000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7696000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.inst      7696000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7696000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.inst      7696000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7696000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu22.inst     0.042945                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042945                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu22.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu22.inst     0.042945                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu22.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042945                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu22.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu22.inst     0.042945                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu22.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042945                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.inst 157061.224490                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157061.224490                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.inst 157061.224490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157061.224490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.inst 157061.224490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157061.224490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu23.branchPred.lookups                 11046                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu23.branchPred.condPredicted           10437                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu23.branchPred.condIncorrect             140                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu23.branchPred.BTBLookups               7079                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu23.branchPred.BTBHits                  5543                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu23.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu23.branchPred.BTBHitPct           78.302020                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu23.branchPred.usedRAS                   264                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu23.branchPred.RASInCorrect                1                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu23.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu23.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu23.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu23.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu23.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu23.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu23.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu23.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu23.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu23.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu23.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu23.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu23.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu23.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu23.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu23.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu23.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu23.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu23.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu23.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu23.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu23.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu23.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu23.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu23.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu23.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu23.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu23.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu23.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu23.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu23.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu23.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu23.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu23.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu23.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu23.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu23.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu23.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu23.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu23.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu23.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu23.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu23.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu23.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu23.numCycles                          26620                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu23.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu23.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu23.fetch.icacheStallCycles             2617                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu23.fetch.Insts                        45315                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu23.fetch.Branches                     11046                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu23.fetch.predictedBranches             5807                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu23.fetch.Cycles                       15422                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu23.fetch.SquashCycles                   375                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu23.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu23.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles            1                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu23.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu23.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu23.fetch.CacheLines                    1065                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu23.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  65                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu23.fetch.rateDist::samples            18248                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu23.fetch.rateDist::mean            2.618095                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu23.fetch.rateDist::stdev           3.643958                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu23.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu23.fetch.rateDist::0                  11643     63.80%     63.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu23.fetch.rateDist::1                    221      1.21%     65.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu23.fetch.rateDist::2                     78      0.43%     65.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu23.fetch.rateDist::3                    260      1.42%     66.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu23.fetch.rateDist::4                    180      0.99%     67.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu23.fetch.rateDist::5                    218      1.19%     69.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu23.fetch.rateDist::6                    168      0.92%     69.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu23.fetch.rateDist::7                     40      0.22%     70.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu23.fetch.rateDist::8                   5440     29.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu23.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu23.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu23.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu23.fetch.rateDist::total              18248                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu23.fetch.branchRate                0.414951                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu23.fetch.rate                      1.702292                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu23.decode.IdleCycles                   3576                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu23.decode.BlockedCycles                8603                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu23.decode.RunCycles                    2003                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu23.decode.UnblockCycles                3906                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu23.decode.SquashCycles                  159                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu23.decode.BranchResolved                286                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu23.decode.BranchMispred                  28                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu23.decode.DecodedInsts                44343                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu23.decode.SquashedInsts                 101                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu23.rename.SquashCycles                  159                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu23.rename.IdleCycles                   3954                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu23.rename.BlockCycles                  3127                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu23.rename.serializeStallCycles         2904                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu23.rename.RunCycles                    5485                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu23.rename.UnblockCycles                2618                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu23.rename.RenamedInsts                43498                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu23.rename.ROBFullEvents                   4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu23.rename.IQFullEvents                 2313                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu23.rename.LQFullEvents                    8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu23.rename.RenamedOperands             76423                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu23.rename.RenameLookups              210909                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu23.rename.int_rename_lookups          58343                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu23.rename.CommittedMaps               68913                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu23.rename.UndoneMaps                   7499                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu23.rename.serializingInsts               68                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu23.rename.tempSerializingInsts           66                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu23.rename.skidInsts                    6852                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu23.memDep0.insertedLoads               5973                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu23.memDep0.insertedStores              1159                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu23.memDep0.conflictingLoads             500                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu23.memDep0.conflictingStores            585                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu23.iq.iqInstsAdded                    42804                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu23.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               115                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu23.iq.iqInstsIssued                   40330                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu23.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             349                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu23.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          4309                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu23.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        13657                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu23.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu23.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        18248                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu23.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       2.210105                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu23.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      1.935362                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu23.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu23.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              7503     41.12%     41.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu23.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               544      2.98%     44.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu23.iq.issued_per_cycle::2               423      2.32%     46.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu23.iq.issued_per_cycle::3               172      0.94%     47.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu23.iq.issued_per_cycle::4              9606     52.64%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu23.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu23.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu23.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu23.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         18248                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               33595     83.30%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.01%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               5765     14.29%     97.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               967      2.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::total                40330                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.rate                         1.515026                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu23.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu23.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu23.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            99257                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu23.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           47238                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu23.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        40036                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu23.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu23.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu23.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu23.iq.int_alu_accesses                40330                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu23.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu23.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              9                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu23.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu23.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          639                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu23.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu23.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu23.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          324                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu23.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu23.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu23.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           56                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu23.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           36                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu23.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu23.iew.iewSquashCycles                  159                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu23.iew.iewBlockCycles                   460                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu23.iew.iewUnblockCycles                1939                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu23.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             42922                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu23.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              32                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu23.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                5973                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu23.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               1159                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu23.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               54                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu23.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu23.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                1939                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu23.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu23.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           52                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu23.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           65                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu23.iew.branchMispredicts                117                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu23.iew.iewExecutedInsts               40267                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu23.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                5747                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu23.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              63                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu23.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu23.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu23.iew.exec_refs                       6688                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu23.iew.exec_branches                   9443                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu23.iew.exec_stores                      941                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu23.iew.exec_rate                   1.512660                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu23.iew.wb_sent                        40098                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu23.iew.wb_count                       40036                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu23.iew.wb_producers                   28504                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu23.iew.wb_consumers                   57799                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu23.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu23.iew.wb_rate                     1.503982                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu23.iew.wb_fanout                   0.493157                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu23.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu23.commit.commitSquashedInsts          4247                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu23.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           101                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu23.commit.branchMispredicts             112                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu23.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        17629                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu23.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.190141                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu23.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.503329                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu23.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu23.commit.committed_per_cycle::0         7849     44.52%     44.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu23.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         1738      9.86%     54.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu23.commit.committed_per_cycle::2          251      1.42%     55.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu23.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         3098     17.57%     73.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu23.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          158      0.90%     74.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu23.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3145     17.84%     92.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu23.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          154      0.87%     92.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu23.commit.committed_per_cycle::7           93      0.53%     93.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu23.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         1143      6.48%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu23.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu23.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu23.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu23.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        17629                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu23.commit.committedInsts              37299                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu23.commit.committedOps                38610                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu23.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu23.commit.refs                         6169                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu23.commit.loads                        5334                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu23.commit.membars                        52                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu23.commit.branches                     9182                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu23.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu23.commit.int_insts                   29656                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu23.commit.function_calls                140                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          32439     84.02%     84.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.01%     84.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     84.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     84.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     84.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     84.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     84.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          5334     13.82%     97.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          835      2.16%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::total           38610                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.bw_lim_events                1143                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu23.rob.rob_reads                      58797                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu23.rob.rob_writes                     86398                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu23.timesIdled                            39                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu23.idleCycles                          8372                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu23.quiesceCycles                      73467                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu23.committedInsts                     37299                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu23.committedOps                       38610                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu23.cpi                             0.713692                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu23.cpi_total                       0.713692                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu23.ipc                             1.401165                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu23.ipc_total                       1.401165                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu23.int_regfile_reads                  53686                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu23.int_regfile_writes                 16850                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu23.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu23.cc_regfile_reads                  137523                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu23.cc_regfile_writes                  54350                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu23.misc_regfile_reads                  7741                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu23.misc_regfile_writes                   30                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu23.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu23.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           6.270270                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu23.dcache.tags.total_refs              6352                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu23.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              28                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu23.dcache.tags.avg_refs          226.857143                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu23.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu23.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu23.data     6.270270                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu23.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu23.data     0.006123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu23.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.006123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu23.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu23.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu23.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu23.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.027344                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu23.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           12978                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.tags.data_accesses          12978                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu23.data         5544                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          5544                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu23.data          806                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          806                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu23.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu23.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu23.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_hits::cpu23.data         6350                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_hits::total           6350                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_hits::cpu23.data         6352                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_hits::total          6352                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu23.data           80                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           80                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu23.data           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu23.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu23.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu23.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu23.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu23.data            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu23.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu23.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_misses::cpu23.data           99                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_misses::total           99                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_misses::cpu23.data          102                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_misses::total          102                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu23.data     14378999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     14378999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu23.data      9068750                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9068750                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu23.data       444483                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       444483                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu23.data        37500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        37500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu23.data        45500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        45500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu23.data     23447749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     23447749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu23.data     23447749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     23447749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu23.data         5624                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5624                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu23.data          825                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          825                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu23.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu23.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu23.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu23.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu23.data            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu23.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu23.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu23.data         6449                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_accesses::total         6449                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu23.data         6454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_accesses::total         6454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu23.data     0.014225                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014225                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu23.data     0.023030                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.023030                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu23.data     0.600000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.600000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu23.data            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu23.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu23.data     0.015351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu23.data     0.015804                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015804                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu23.data 179737.487500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179737.487500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu23.data 477302.631579                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 477302.631579                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu23.data 55560.375000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55560.375000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu23.data         9375                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total         9375                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu23.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu23.data 236845.949495                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 236845.949495                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu23.data 229879.892157                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 229879.892157                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu23.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          820                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu23.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu23.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu23.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu23.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          410                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu23.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu23.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu23.data           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu23.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu23.data           63                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           63                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu23.data           63                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           63                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu23.data           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu23.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu23.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu23.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu23.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu23.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu23.data            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu23.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu23.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu23.data           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu23.data           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.data      2752251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2752251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.data      2751500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2751500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.data        18501                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        18501                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.data       416017                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       416017                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.data        28500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        28500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.data        42500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        42500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.data      5503751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5503751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.data      5522252                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5522252                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu23.data     0.005156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu23.data     0.008485                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008485                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu23.data     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu23.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu23.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu23.data     0.005582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu23.data     0.005888                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005888                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.data 94905.206897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94905.206897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.data 393071.428571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 393071.428571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.data  9250.500000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9250.500000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.data 52002.125000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52002.125000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.data         7125                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         7125                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.data 152881.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 152881.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.data 145322.421053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 145322.421053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu23.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu23.icache.tags.tagsinuse          10.527617                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu23.icache.tags.total_refs               987                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu23.icache.tags.sampled_refs              54                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu23.icache.tags.avg_refs           18.277778                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu23.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu23.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu23.inst    10.527617                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu23.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu23.inst     0.020562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu23.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.020562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu23.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu23.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu23.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu23.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.105469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu23.icache.tags.tag_accesses            2184                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu23.icache.tags.data_accesses           2184                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu23.inst          987                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           987                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu23.icache.demand_hits::cpu23.inst          987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu23.icache.demand_hits::total            987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu23.icache.overall_hits::cpu23.inst          987                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu23.icache.overall_hits::total           987                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu23.inst           78                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu23.icache.demand_misses::cpu23.inst           78                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu23.icache.demand_misses::total           78                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu23.icache.overall_misses::cpu23.inst           78                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu23.icache.overall_misses::total           78                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu23.inst     10066750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10066750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu23.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu23.inst     10066750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu23.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10066750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu23.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu23.inst     10066750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu23.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10066750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu23.inst         1065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu23.icache.demand_accesses::cpu23.inst         1065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu23.icache.demand_accesses::total         1065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu23.icache.overall_accesses::cpu23.inst         1065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu23.icache.overall_accesses::total         1065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu23.inst     0.073239                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.073239                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu23.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu23.inst     0.073239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu23.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.073239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu23.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu23.inst     0.073239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu23.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.073239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu23.inst 129060.897436                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129060.897436                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu23.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu23.inst 129060.897436                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu23.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 129060.897436                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu23.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu23.inst 129060.897436                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu23.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 129060.897436                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu23.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          168                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu23.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu23.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu23.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu23.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          168                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu23.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu23.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu23.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu23.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu23.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu23.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu23.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu23.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu23.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu23.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu23.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu23.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu23.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu23.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu23.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu23.inst           54                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu23.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           54                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.inst      7472750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7472750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.inst      7472750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7472750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.inst      7472750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7472750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu23.inst     0.050704                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050704                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu23.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu23.inst     0.050704                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu23.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050704                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu23.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu23.inst     0.050704                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu23.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050704                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.inst 138384.259259                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 138384.259259                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.inst 138384.259259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 138384.259259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.inst 138384.259259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 138384.259259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu24.branchPred.lookups                 10217                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu24.branchPred.condPredicted            9626                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu24.branchPred.condIncorrect             138                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu24.branchPred.BTBLookups               6514                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu24.branchPred.BTBHits                  5111                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu24.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu24.branchPred.BTBHitPct           78.461775                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu24.branchPred.usedRAS                   256                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu24.branchPred.RASInCorrect                1                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu24.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu24.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu24.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu24.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu24.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu24.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu24.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu24.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu24.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu24.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu24.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu24.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu24.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu24.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu24.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu24.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu24.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu24.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu24.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu24.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu24.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu24.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu24.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu24.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu24.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu24.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu24.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu24.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu24.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu24.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu24.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu24.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu24.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu24.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu24.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu24.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu24.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu24.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu24.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu24.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu24.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu24.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu24.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu24.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu24.numCycles                          25893                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu24.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu24.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu24.fetch.icacheStallCycles             2540                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu24.fetch.Insts                        41920                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu24.fetch.Branches                     10217                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu24.fetch.predictedBranches             5367                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu24.fetch.Cycles                       14476                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu24.fetch.SquashCycles                   363                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu24.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu24.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles            1                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu24.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu24.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu24.fetch.CacheLines                    1025                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu24.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  67                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu24.fetch.rateDist::samples            17219                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu24.fetch.rateDist::mean            2.571810                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu24.fetch.rateDist::stdev           3.625069                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu24.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu24.fetch.rateDist::0                  11081     64.35%     64.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu24.fetch.rateDist::1                    213      1.24%     65.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu24.fetch.rateDist::2                     73      0.42%     66.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu24.fetch.rateDist::3                    246      1.43%     67.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu24.fetch.rateDist::4                    163      0.95%     68.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu24.fetch.rateDist::5                    214      1.24%     69.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu24.fetch.rateDist::6                    163      0.95%     70.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu24.fetch.rateDist::7                     41      0.24%     70.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu24.fetch.rateDist::8                   5025     29.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu24.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu24.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu24.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu24.fetch.rateDist::total              17219                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu24.fetch.branchRate                0.394585                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu24.fetch.rate                      1.618970                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu24.decode.IdleCycles                   3413                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu24.decode.BlockedCycles                8177                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu24.decode.RunCycles                    1869                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu24.decode.UnblockCycles                3606                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu24.decode.SquashCycles                  153                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu24.decode.BranchResolved                274                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu24.decode.BranchMispred                  28                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu24.decode.DecodedInsts                41050                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu24.decode.SquashedInsts                 101                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu24.rename.SquashCycles                  153                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu24.rename.IdleCycles                   3761                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu24.rename.BlockCycles                  2715                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu24.rename.serializeStallCycles         3086                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu24.rename.RunCycles                    5083                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu24.rename.UnblockCycles                2420                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu24.rename.RenamedInsts                40247                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu24.rename.ROBFullEvents                   4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu24.rename.IQFullEvents                 2140                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu24.rename.LQFullEvents                    8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu24.rename.RenamedOperands             70552                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu24.rename.RenameLookups              195096                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu24.rename.int_rename_lookups          53929                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu24.rename.CommittedMaps               63282                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu24.rename.UndoneMaps                   7270                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu24.rename.serializingInsts               66                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu24.rename.tempSerializingInsts           64                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu24.rename.skidInsts                    6326                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu24.memDep0.insertedLoads               5539                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu24.memDep0.insertedStores              1098                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu24.memDep0.conflictingLoads             470                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu24.memDep0.conflictingStores            541                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu24.iq.iqInstsAdded                    39579                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu24.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               112                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu24.iq.iqInstsIssued                   37267                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu24.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             339                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu24.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          4179                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu24.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        12756                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu24.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu24.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        17219                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu24.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       2.164295                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu24.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      1.937821                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu24.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu24.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              7251     42.11%     42.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu24.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               541      3.14%     45.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu24.iq.issued_per_cycle::2               407      2.36%     47.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu24.iq.issued_per_cycle::3               168      0.98%     48.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu24.iq.issued_per_cycle::4              8852     51.41%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu24.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu24.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu24.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu24.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         17219                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               31005     83.20%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.01%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               5344     14.34%     97.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               915      2.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::total                37267                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.rate                         1.439269                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu24.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu24.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu24.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            92092                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu24.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           43876                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu24.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        36986                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu24.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu24.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu24.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu24.iq.int_alu_accesses                37267                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu24.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu24.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              9                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu24.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu24.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          624                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu24.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu24.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            6                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu24.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          302                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu24.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu24.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu24.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           52                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu24.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           38                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu24.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu24.iew.iewSquashCycles                  153                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu24.iew.iewBlockCycles                   456                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu24.iew.iewUnblockCycles                2170                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu24.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             39694                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu24.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              40                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu24.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                5539                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu24.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               1098                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu24.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               53                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu24.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu24.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                2169                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu24.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            6                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu24.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           49                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu24.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           67                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu24.iew.branchMispredicts                116                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu24.iew.iewExecutedInsts               37205                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu24.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                5328                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu24.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              62                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu24.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu24.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu24.iew.exec_refs                       6217                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu24.iew.exec_branches                   8706                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu24.iew.exec_stores                      889                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu24.iew.exec_rate                   1.436875                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu24.iew.wb_sent                        37046                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu24.iew.wb_count                       36986                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu24.iew.wb_producers                   26294                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu24.iew.wb_consumers                   53305                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu24.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu24.iew.wb_rate                     1.428417                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu24.iew.wb_fanout                   0.493275                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu24.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu24.commit.commitSquashedInsts          4181                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu24.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            98                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu24.commit.branchMispredicts             110                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu24.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        16618                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu24.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.136960                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu24.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.496652                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu24.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu24.commit.committed_per_cycle::0         7607     45.78%     45.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu24.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         1617      9.73%     55.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu24.commit.committed_per_cycle::2          245      1.47%     56.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu24.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         2839     17.08%     74.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu24.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          155      0.93%     75.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu24.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         2871     17.28%     92.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu24.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          136      0.82%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu24.commit.committed_per_cycle::7           87      0.52%     93.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu24.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         1061      6.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu24.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu24.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu24.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu24.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        16618                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu24.commit.committedInsts              34271                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu24.commit.committedOps                35512                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu24.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu24.commit.refs                         5711                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu24.commit.loads                        4915                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu24.commit.membars                        49                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu24.commit.branches                     8432                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu24.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu24.commit.int_insts                   27296                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu24.commit.function_calls                133                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          29799     83.91%     83.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.01%     83.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     83.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     83.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     83.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     83.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     83.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     83.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     83.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     83.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          4915     13.84%     97.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          796      2.24%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::total           35512                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.bw_lim_events                1061                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu24.rob.rob_reads                      54741                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu24.rob.rob_writes                     79988                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu24.timesIdled                            41                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu24.idleCycles                          8674                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu24.quiesceCycles                      74194                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu24.committedInsts                     34271                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu24.committedOps                       35512                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu24.cpi                             0.755537                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu24.cpi_total                       0.755537                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu24.ipc                             1.323562                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu24.ipc_total                       1.323562                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu24.int_regfile_reads                  49568                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu24.int_regfile_writes                 15622                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu24.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu24.cc_regfile_reads                  127116                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu24.cc_regfile_writes                  50060                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu24.misc_regfile_reads                  7264                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu24.misc_regfile_writes                   38                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu24.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu24.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           5.930900                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu24.dcache.tags.total_refs              5878                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu24.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              27                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu24.dcache.tags.avg_refs          217.703704                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu24.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu24.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu24.data     5.930900                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu24.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu24.data     0.005792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu24.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.005792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu24.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu24.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu24.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu24.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.026367                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu24.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           12069                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.tags.data_accesses          12069                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu24.data         5114                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          5114                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu24.data          762                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          762                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu24.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu24.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu24.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_hits::cpu24.data         5876                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_hits::total           5876                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_hits::cpu24.data         5878                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_hits::total          5878                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu24.data           91                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           91                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu24.data           22                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           22                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu24.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu24.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu24.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu24.data           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu24.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            6                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_misses::cpu24.data          113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_misses::total          113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_misses::cpu24.data          116                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_misses::total          116                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu24.data     11212748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11212748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu24.data      7764000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7764000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu24.data       537978                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       537978                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu24.data        37500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        37500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu24.data       134500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       134500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu24.data     18976748                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     18976748                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu24.data     18976748                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     18976748                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu24.data         5205                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5205                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu24.data          784                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          784                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu24.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu24.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu24.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu24.data           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu24.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            6                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu24.data         5989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_accesses::total         5989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu24.data         5994                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_accesses::total         5994                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu24.data     0.017483                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.017483                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu24.data     0.028061                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.028061                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu24.data     0.600000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.600000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu24.data            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu24.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu24.data     0.018868                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018868                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu24.data     0.019353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu24.data 123217.010989                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123217.010989                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu24.data 352909.090909                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 352909.090909                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu24.data 53797.800000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53797.800000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu24.data         6250                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total         6250                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu24.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu24.data 167935.823009                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167935.823009                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu24.data 163592.655172                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163592.655172                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu24.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          195                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu24.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu24.dcache.blocked::no_targets             3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu24.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu24.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           65                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu24.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu24.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu24.data           63                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           63                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu24.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu24.data           78                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           78                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu24.data           78                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           78                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu24.data           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu24.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu24.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu24.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu24.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu24.data           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu24.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu24.data           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu24.data           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.data      3143752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3143752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.data      2532250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2532250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.data        19000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        19000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.data       503522                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       503522                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.data        28500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        28500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.data       125500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       125500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.data      5676002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5676002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.data      5695002                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5695002                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu24.data     0.005379                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005379                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu24.data     0.008929                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008929                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu24.data     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu24.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu24.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu24.data     0.005844                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005844                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu24.data     0.006173                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006173                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.data 112276.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112276.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.data       361750                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       361750                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.data         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.data 50352.200000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50352.200000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.data         4750                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         4750                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.data 162171.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162171.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.data 153918.972973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 153918.972973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu24.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu24.icache.tags.tagsinuse          10.420795                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu24.icache.tags.total_refs               946                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu24.icache.tags.sampled_refs              55                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu24.icache.tags.avg_refs           17.200000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu24.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu24.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu24.inst    10.420795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu24.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu24.inst     0.020353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu24.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.020353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu24.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu24.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu24.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu24.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.107422                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu24.icache.tags.tag_accesses            2105                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu24.icache.tags.data_accesses           2105                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu24.inst          946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu24.icache.demand_hits::cpu24.inst          946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu24.icache.demand_hits::total            946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu24.icache.overall_hits::cpu24.inst          946                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu24.icache.overall_hits::total           946                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu24.inst           79                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           79                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu24.icache.demand_misses::cpu24.inst           79                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu24.icache.demand_misses::total           79                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu24.icache.overall_misses::cpu24.inst           79                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu24.icache.overall_misses::total           79                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu24.inst      9511500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9511500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu24.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu24.inst      9511500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu24.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9511500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu24.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu24.inst      9511500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu24.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9511500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu24.inst         1025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu24.icache.demand_accesses::cpu24.inst         1025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu24.icache.demand_accesses::total         1025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu24.icache.overall_accesses::cpu24.inst         1025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu24.icache.overall_accesses::total         1025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu24.inst     0.077073                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.077073                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu24.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu24.inst     0.077073                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu24.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.077073                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu24.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu24.inst     0.077073                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu24.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.077073                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu24.inst 120398.734177                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120398.734177                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu24.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu24.inst 120398.734177                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu24.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120398.734177                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu24.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu24.inst 120398.734177                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu24.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120398.734177                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu24.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          152                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu24.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu24.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu24.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu24.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          152                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu24.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu24.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu24.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu24.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu24.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu24.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu24.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu24.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu24.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu24.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu24.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu24.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu24.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu24.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu24.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu24.inst           55                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu24.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           55                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.inst      7787000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7787000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.inst      7787000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7787000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.inst      7787000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7787000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu24.inst     0.053659                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053659                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu24.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu24.inst     0.053659                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu24.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053659                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu24.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu24.inst     0.053659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu24.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.inst 141581.818182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 141581.818182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.inst 141581.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 141581.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.inst 141581.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 141581.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu25.branchPred.lookups                 10285                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu25.branchPred.condPredicted            9666                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu25.branchPred.condIncorrect             142                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu25.branchPred.BTBLookups               7451                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu25.branchPred.BTBHits                  5143                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu25.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu25.branchPred.BTBHitPct           69.024292                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu25.branchPred.usedRAS                   265                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu25.branchPred.RASInCorrect                1                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu25.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu25.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu25.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu25.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu25.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu25.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu25.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu25.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu25.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu25.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu25.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu25.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu25.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu25.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu25.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu25.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu25.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu25.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu25.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu25.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu25.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu25.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu25.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu25.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu25.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu25.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu25.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu25.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu25.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu25.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu25.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu25.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu25.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu25.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu25.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu25.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu25.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu25.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu25.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu25.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu25.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu25.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu25.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu25.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu25.numCycles                          24924                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu25.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu25.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu25.fetch.icacheStallCycles             3230                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu25.fetch.Insts                        42235                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu25.fetch.Branches                     10285                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu25.fetch.predictedBranches             5408                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu25.fetch.Cycles                       13401                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu25.fetch.SquashCycles                   373                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu25.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu25.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles            1                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu25.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu25.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu25.fetch.CacheLines                    1064                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu25.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  62                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu25.fetch.rateDist::samples            16839                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu25.fetch.rateDist::mean            2.651226                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu25.fetch.rateDist::stdev           3.647138                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu25.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu25.fetch.rateDist::0                  10627     63.11%     63.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu25.fetch.rateDist::1                    219      1.30%     64.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu25.fetch.rateDist::2                     92      0.55%     64.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu25.fetch.rateDist::3                    242      1.44%     66.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu25.fetch.rateDist::4                    159      0.94%     67.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu25.fetch.rateDist::5                    254      1.51%     68.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu25.fetch.rateDist::6                    158      0.94%     69.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu25.fetch.rateDist::7                     43      0.26%     70.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu25.fetch.rateDist::8                   5045     29.96%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu25.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu25.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu25.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu25.fetch.rateDist::total              16839                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu25.fetch.branchRate                0.412654                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu25.fetch.rate                      1.694551                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu25.decode.IdleCycles                   3258                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu25.decode.BlockedCycles                7909                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu25.decode.RunCycles                    2137                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu25.decode.UnblockCycles                3376                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu25.decode.SquashCycles                  158                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu25.decode.BranchResolved                284                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu25.decode.BranchMispred                  28                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu25.decode.DecodedInsts                41258                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu25.decode.SquashedInsts                 109                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu25.rename.SquashCycles                  158                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu25.rename.IdleCycles                   3726                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu25.rename.BlockCycles                   478                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu25.rename.serializeStallCycles         4941                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu25.rename.RunCycles                    5004                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu25.rename.UnblockCycles                2531                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu25.rename.RenamedInsts                40399                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu25.rename.ROBFullEvents                   4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu25.rename.IQFullEvents                 2157                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu25.rename.RenamedOperands             70752                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu25.rename.RenameLookups              195767                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu25.rename.int_rename_lookups          54074                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu25.rename.CommittedMaps               63349                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu25.rename.UndoneMaps                   7392                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu25.rename.serializingInsts               75                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu25.rename.tempSerializingInsts           74                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu25.rename.skidInsts                    7264                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu25.memDep0.insertedLoads               5533                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu25.memDep0.insertedStores              1097                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu25.memDep0.conflictingLoads             454                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu25.memDep0.conflictingStores            512                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu25.iq.iqInstsAdded                    39612                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu25.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               128                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu25.iq.iqInstsIssued                   37247                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu25.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             342                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu25.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          4168                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu25.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        13055                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu25.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           23                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu25.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        16839                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu25.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       2.211948                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu25.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      1.930964                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu25.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu25.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              6852     40.69%     40.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu25.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               585      3.47%     44.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu25.iq.issued_per_cycle::2               388      2.30%     46.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu25.iq.issued_per_cycle::3               170      1.01%     47.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu25.iq.issued_per_cycle::4              8844     52.52%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu25.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu25.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu25.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu25.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         16839                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               31027     83.30%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.01%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               5312     14.26%     97.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               905      2.43%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::total                37247                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.rate                         1.494423                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu25.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu25.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu25.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            91675                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu25.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           43914                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu25.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        36956                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu25.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu25.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu25.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu25.iq.int_alu_accesses                37247                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu25.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu25.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              6                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu25.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu25.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          609                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu25.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu25.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            6                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu25.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          294                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu25.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu25.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu25.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           51                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu25.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           32                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu25.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu25.iew.iewSquashCycles                  158                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu25.iew.iewBlockCycles                   441                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu25.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   1                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu25.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             39743                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu25.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              88                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu25.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                5533                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu25.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               1097                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu25.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               62                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu25.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu25.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                   0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu25.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            6                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu25.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           48                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu25.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           70                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu25.iew.branchMispredicts                118                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu25.iew.iewExecutedInsts               37165                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu25.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                5287                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu25.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              82                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu25.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu25.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu25.iew.exec_refs                       6165                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu25.iew.exec_branches                   8712                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu25.iew.exec_stores                      878                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu25.iew.exec_rate                   1.491133                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu25.iew.wb_sent                        37013                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu25.iew.wb_count                       36956                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu25.iew.wb_producers                   26273                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu25.iew.wb_consumers                   53370                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu25.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu25.iew.wb_rate                     1.482748                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu25.iew.wb_fanout                   0.492280                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu25.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu25.commit.commitSquashedInsts          4106                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu25.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           105                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu25.commit.branchMispredicts             114                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu25.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        16246                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu25.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.189585                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu25.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.608768                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu25.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu25.commit.committed_per_cycle::0         7201     44.32%     44.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu25.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         2158     13.28%     57.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu25.commit.committed_per_cycle::2          228      1.40%     59.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu25.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         2340     14.40%     73.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu25.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          122      0.75%     74.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu25.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         2548     15.68%     89.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu25.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          179      1.10%     90.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu25.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          124      0.76%     91.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu25.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         1346      8.29%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu25.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu25.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu25.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu25.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        16246                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu25.commit.committedInsts              34328                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu25.commit.committedOps                35572                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu25.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu25.commit.refs                         5727                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu25.commit.loads                        4924                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu25.commit.membars                        49                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu25.commit.branches                     8444                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu25.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu25.commit.int_insts                   27345                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu25.commit.function_calls                133                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          29843     83.89%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.01%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          4924     13.84%     97.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          803      2.26%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::total           35572                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.bw_lim_events                1346                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu25.rob.rob_reads                      54058                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu25.rob.rob_writes                     80015                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu25.timesIdled                            39                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu25.idleCycles                          8085                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu25.quiesceCycles                      75163                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu25.committedInsts                     34328                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu25.committedOps                       35572                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu25.cpi                             0.726055                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu25.cpi_total                       0.726055                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu25.ipc                             1.377307                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu25.ipc_total                       1.377307                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu25.int_regfile_reads                  49509                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu25.int_regfile_writes                 15588                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu25.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu25.cc_regfile_reads                  126921                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu25.cc_regfile_writes                  50084                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu25.misc_regfile_reads                  7228                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu25.misc_regfile_writes                   69                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu25.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu25.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           5.743342                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu25.dcache.tags.total_refs              5861                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu25.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              26                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu25.dcache.tags.avg_refs          225.423077                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu25.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu25.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu25.data     5.743342                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu25.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu25.data     0.005609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu25.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.005609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu25.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu25.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu25.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu25.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.025391                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu25.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           12021                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.tags.data_accesses          12021                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu25.data         5097                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          5097                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu25.data          762                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          762                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu25.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu25.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu25.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu25.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu25.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu25.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu25.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_hits::cpu25.data         5859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_hits::total           5859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_hits::cpu25.data         5861                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_hits::total          5861                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu25.data           70                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           70                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu25.data           22                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           22                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu25.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu25.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu25.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu25.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu25.data           14                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu25.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           14                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu25.data            8                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            8                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_misses::cpu25.data           92                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_misses::total           92                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_misses::cpu25.data           95                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_misses::total           95                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu25.data      6515500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6515500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu25.data      3706750                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3706750                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu25.data       688434                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       688434                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu25.data        24999                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        24999                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu25.data       516000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       516000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu25.data     10222250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     10222250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu25.data     10222250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     10222250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu25.data         5167                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5167                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu25.data          784                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          784                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu25.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu25.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu25.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu25.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu25.data           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu25.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu25.data            9                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            9                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu25.data         5951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_accesses::total         5951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu25.data         5956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_accesses::total         5956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu25.data     0.013548                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013548                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu25.data     0.028061                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.028061                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu25.data     0.600000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.600000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu25.data     0.777778                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.777778                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu25.data     0.888889                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.888889                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu25.data     0.015460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu25.data     0.015950                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015950                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu25.data 93078.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93078.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu25.data 168488.636364                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168488.636364                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu25.data 49173.857143                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49173.857143                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu25.data  3124.875000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  3124.875000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu25.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu25.data 111111.413043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 111111.413043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu25.data 107602.631579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107602.631579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu25.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          131                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu25.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu25.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu25.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu25.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    65.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu25.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu25.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu25.data           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu25.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu25.data           58                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu25.data           58                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           58                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu25.data           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu25.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu25.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu25.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu25.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu25.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu25.data           14                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu25.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu25.data            8                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu25.data           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu25.data           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.data      2482750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2482750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.data      1141250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1141250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.data        18500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        18500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.data       634066                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       634066                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.data        17501                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        17501                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.data       498000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       498000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.data      3624000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3624000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.data      3642500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3642500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu25.data     0.005225                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005225                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu25.data     0.008929                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008929                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu25.data     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu25.data     0.777778                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.777778                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu25.data     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu25.data     0.005713                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005713                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu25.data     0.006044                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006044                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.data 91953.703704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91953.703704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.data 163035.714286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163035.714286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.data         9250                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9250                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.data 45290.428571                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45290.428571                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.data  2187.625000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  2187.625000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.data 106588.235294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106588.235294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.data 101180.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101180.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu25.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu25.icache.tags.tagsinuse           9.998592                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu25.icache.tags.total_refs               988                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu25.icache.tags.sampled_refs              53                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu25.icache.tags.avg_refs           18.641509                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu25.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu25.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu25.inst     9.998592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu25.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu25.inst     0.019529                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu25.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.019529                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu25.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu25.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu25.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu25.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.103516                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu25.icache.tags.tag_accesses            2181                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu25.icache.tags.data_accesses           2181                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu25.inst          988                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           988                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu25.icache.demand_hits::cpu25.inst          988                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu25.icache.demand_hits::total            988                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu25.icache.overall_hits::cpu25.inst          988                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu25.icache.overall_hits::total           988                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu25.inst           76                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           76                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu25.icache.demand_misses::cpu25.inst           76                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu25.icache.demand_misses::total           76                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu25.icache.overall_misses::cpu25.inst           76                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu25.icache.overall_misses::total           76                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu25.inst      9731250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9731250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu25.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu25.inst      9731250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu25.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9731250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu25.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu25.inst      9731250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu25.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9731250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu25.inst         1064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu25.icache.demand_accesses::cpu25.inst         1064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu25.icache.demand_accesses::total         1064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu25.icache.overall_accesses::cpu25.inst         1064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu25.icache.overall_accesses::total         1064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu25.inst     0.071429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.071429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu25.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu25.inst     0.071429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu25.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.071429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu25.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu25.inst     0.071429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu25.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.071429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu25.inst 128042.763158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128042.763158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu25.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu25.inst 128042.763158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu25.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 128042.763158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu25.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu25.inst 128042.763158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu25.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 128042.763158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu25.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          139                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu25.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu25.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu25.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu25.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          139                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu25.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu25.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu25.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu25.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu25.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu25.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu25.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu25.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu25.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu25.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu25.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu25.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu25.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu25.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu25.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu25.inst           53                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu25.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.inst      7763000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7763000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.inst      7763000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7763000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.inst      7763000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7763000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu25.inst     0.049812                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049812                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu25.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu25.inst     0.049812                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu25.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049812                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu25.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu25.inst     0.049812                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu25.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049812                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.inst 146471.698113                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 146471.698113                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.inst 146471.698113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 146471.698113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.inst 146471.698113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 146471.698113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu26.branchPred.lookups                  9359                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu26.branchPred.condPredicted            8820                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu26.branchPred.condIncorrect             130                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu26.branchPred.BTBLookups               5531                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu26.branchPred.BTBHits                  4672                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu26.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu26.branchPred.BTBHitPct           84.469355                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu26.branchPred.usedRAS                   225                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu26.branchPred.RASInCorrect                1                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu26.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu26.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu26.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu26.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu26.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu26.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu26.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu26.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu26.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu26.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu26.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu26.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu26.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu26.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu26.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu26.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu26.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu26.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu26.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu26.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu26.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu26.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu26.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu26.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu26.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu26.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu26.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu26.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu26.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu26.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu26.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu26.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu26.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu26.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu26.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu26.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu26.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu26.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu26.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu26.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu26.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu26.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu26.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu26.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu26.numCycles                          24290                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu26.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu26.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu26.fetch.icacheStallCycles             2429                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu26.fetch.Insts                        38438                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu26.fetch.Branches                      9359                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu26.fetch.predictedBranches             4897                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu26.fetch.Cycles                       12924                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu26.fetch.SquashCycles                   343                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu26.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu26.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles            1                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu26.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu26.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu26.fetch.CacheLines                     924                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu26.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  67                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu26.fetch.rateDist::samples            15546                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu26.fetch.rateDist::mean            2.611604                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu26.fetch.rateDist::stdev           3.645155                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu26.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu26.fetch.rateDist::0                   9967     64.11%     64.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu26.fetch.rateDist::1                    157      1.01%     65.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu26.fetch.rateDist::2                     57      0.37%     65.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu26.fetch.rateDist::3                    223      1.43%     66.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu26.fetch.rateDist::4                    151      0.97%     67.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu26.fetch.rateDist::5                    189      1.22%     69.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu26.fetch.rateDist::6                    147      0.95%     70.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu26.fetch.rateDist::7                     11      0.07%     70.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu26.fetch.rateDist::8                   4644     29.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu26.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu26.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu26.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu26.fetch.rateDist::total              15546                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu26.fetch.branchRate                0.385303                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu26.fetch.rate                      1.582462                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu26.decode.IdleCycles                   3255                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu26.decode.BlockedCycles                7148                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu26.decode.RunCycles                    1665                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu26.decode.UnblockCycles                3334                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu26.decode.SquashCycles                  143                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu26.decode.BranchResolved                249                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu26.decode.BranchMispred                  28                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu26.decode.DecodedInsts                37557                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu26.decode.SquashedInsts                  93                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu26.rename.SquashCycles                  143                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu26.rename.IdleCycles                   3558                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu26.rename.BlockCycles                  2713                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu26.rename.serializeStallCycles         2286                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu26.rename.RunCycles                    4660                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu26.rename.UnblockCycles                2185                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu26.rename.RenamedInsts                36835                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu26.rename.IQFullEvents                 1950                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu26.rename.LQFullEvents                    8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu26.rename.RenamedOperands             64586                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu26.rename.RenameLookups              178559                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu26.rename.int_rename_lookups          49385                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu26.rename.CommittedMaps               58135                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu26.rename.UndoneMaps                   6440                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu26.rename.serializingInsts               55                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu26.rename.tempSerializingInsts           55                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu26.rename.skidInsts                    5586                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu26.memDep0.insertedLoads               5062                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu26.memDep0.insertedStores              1007                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu26.memDep0.conflictingLoads             427                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu26.memDep0.conflictingStores            505                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu26.iq.iqInstsAdded                    36241                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu26.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                97                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu26.iq.iqInstsIssued                   34079                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu26.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             312                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu26.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          3732                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu26.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        11912                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu26.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           10                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu26.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        15546                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu26.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       2.192139                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu26.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      1.935849                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu26.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu26.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              6448     41.48%     41.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu26.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               475      3.06%     44.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu26.iq.issued_per_cycle::2               367      2.36%     46.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu26.iq.issued_per_cycle::3               154      0.99%     47.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu26.iq.issued_per_cycle::4              8102     52.12%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu26.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu26.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu26.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu26.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         15546                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               28375     83.26%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.01%     83.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     83.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     83.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     83.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     83.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     83.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     83.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     83.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     83.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     83.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     83.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     83.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     83.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     83.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     83.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     83.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     83.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     83.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     83.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     83.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     83.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     83.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               4869     14.29%     97.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               832      2.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::total                34079                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.rate                         1.403005                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu26.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu26.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu26.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            84016                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu26.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           40080                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu26.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        33825                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu26.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu26.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu26.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu26.iq.int_alu_accesses                34079                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu26.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu26.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              8                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu26.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu26.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          554                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu26.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu26.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu26.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          286                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu26.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu26.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu26.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           50                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu26.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           22                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu26.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu26.iew.iewSquashCycles                  143                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu26.iew.iewBlockCycles                   396                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu26.iew.iewUnblockCycles                2309                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu26.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             36341                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu26.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              24                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu26.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                5062                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu26.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               1007                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu26.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               46                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu26.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu26.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                2309                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu26.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu26.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           45                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu26.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           60                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu26.iew.branchMispredicts                105                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu26.iew.iewExecutedInsts               34021                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu26.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                4856                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu26.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              58                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu26.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu26.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu26.iew.exec_refs                       5661                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu26.iew.exec_branches                   7965                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu26.iew.exec_stores                      805                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu26.iew.exec_rate                   1.400618                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu26.iew.wb_sent                        33879                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu26.iew.wb_count                       33825                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu26.iew.wb_producers                   24056                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu26.iew.wb_consumers                   48818                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu26.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu26.iew.wb_rate                     1.392548                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu26.iew.wb_fanout                   0.492769                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu26.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu26.commit.commitSquashedInsts          3670                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu26.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            87                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu26.commit.branchMispredicts             102                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu26.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        15006                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu26.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.172864                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu26.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.468564                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu26.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu26.commit.committed_per_cycle::0         6720     44.78%     44.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu26.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         1365      9.10%     53.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu26.commit.committed_per_cycle::2          230      1.53%     55.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu26.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         2727     18.17%     73.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu26.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          152      1.01%     74.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu26.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         2726     18.17%     92.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu26.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          131      0.87%     93.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu26.commit.committed_per_cycle::7           64      0.43%     94.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu26.commit.committed_per_cycle::8          891      5.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu26.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu26.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu26.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu26.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        15006                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu26.commit.committedInsts              31478                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu26.commit.committedOps                32606                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu26.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu26.commit.refs                         5229                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu26.commit.loads                        4508                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu26.commit.membars                        45                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu26.commit.branches                     7746                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu26.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu26.commit.int_insts                   25057                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu26.commit.function_calls                121                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          27375     83.96%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.01%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          4508     13.83%     97.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          721      2.21%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::total           32606                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.bw_lim_events                 891                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu26.rob.rob_reads                      49923                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu26.rob.rob_writes                     73164                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu26.timesIdled                            42                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu26.idleCycles                          8744                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu26.quiesceCycles                      75797                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu26.committedInsts                     31478                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu26.committedOps                       32606                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu26.cpi                             0.771650                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu26.cpi_total                       0.771650                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu26.ipc                             1.295924                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu26.ipc_total                       1.295924                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu26.int_regfile_reads                  45329                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu26.int_regfile_writes                 14285                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu26.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu26.cc_regfile_reads                  116187                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu26.cc_regfile_writes                  45807                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu26.misc_regfile_reads                  6683                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu26.misc_regfile_writes                   26                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu26.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu26.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           5.757891                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu26.dcache.tags.total_refs              5383                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu26.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              28                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu26.dcache.tags.avg_refs          192.250000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu26.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu26.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu26.data     5.757891                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu26.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu26.data     0.005623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu26.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.005623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu26.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu26.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu26.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu26.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.027344                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu26.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           11008                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.tags.data_accesses          11008                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu26.data         4690                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          4690                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu26.data          690                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          690                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu26.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu26.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu26.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_hits::cpu26.data         5380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_hits::total           5380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_hits::cpu26.data         5382                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_hits::total          5382                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu26.data           65                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           65                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu26.data           22                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           22                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu26.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu26.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu26.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu26.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu26.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_misses::cpu26.data           87                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_misses::total           87                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_misses::cpu26.data           90                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_misses::total           90                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu26.data      9227750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9227750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu26.data      8035750                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8035750                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu26.data       362984                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       362984                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu26.data        49500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        49500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu26.data     17263500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     17263500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu26.data     17263500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     17263500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu26.data         4755                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4755                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu26.data          712                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          712                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu26.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu26.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu26.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu26.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu26.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu26.data         5467                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_accesses::total         5467                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu26.data         5472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_accesses::total         5472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu26.data     0.013670                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013670                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu26.data     0.030899                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.030899                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu26.data     0.600000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.600000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu26.data            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu26.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu26.data     0.015914                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015914                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu26.data     0.016447                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016447                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu26.data 141965.384615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 141965.384615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu26.data 365261.363636                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 365261.363636                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu26.data 51854.857143                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51854.857143                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu26.data        16500                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        16500                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu26.data 198431.034483                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 198431.034483                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu26.data 191816.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 191816.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu26.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           73                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu26.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu26.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu26.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu26.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           73                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu26.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu26.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu26.data           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu26.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu26.data           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu26.data           51                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           51                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu26.data           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu26.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu26.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu26.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu26.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu26.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu26.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu26.data           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu26.data           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.data      2734250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2734250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.data      2832750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2832750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.data        18000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        18000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.data       337516                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       337516                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.data        40500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        40500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.data      5567000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5567000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.data      5585000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5585000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu26.data     0.006099                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006099                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu26.data     0.009831                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009831                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu26.data     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu26.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu26.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu26.data     0.006585                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006585                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu26.data     0.006944                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006944                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.data 94284.482759                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94284.482759                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.data 404678.571429                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 404678.571429                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.data         9000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.data 48216.571429                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48216.571429                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.data        13500                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        13500                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.data 154638.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154638.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.data 146973.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 146973.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu26.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu26.icache.tags.tagsinuse           9.705282                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu26.icache.tags.total_refs               845                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu26.icache.tags.sampled_refs              54                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu26.icache.tags.avg_refs           15.648148                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu26.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu26.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu26.inst     9.705282                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu26.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu26.inst     0.018956                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu26.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.018956                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu26.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu26.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu26.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu26.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.105469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu26.icache.tags.tag_accesses            1902                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu26.icache.tags.data_accesses           1902                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu26.inst          845                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           845                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu26.icache.demand_hits::cpu26.inst          845                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu26.icache.demand_hits::total            845                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu26.icache.overall_hits::cpu26.inst          845                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu26.icache.overall_hits::total           845                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu26.inst           79                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           79                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu26.icache.demand_misses::cpu26.inst           79                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu26.icache.demand_misses::total           79                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu26.icache.overall_misses::cpu26.inst           79                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu26.icache.overall_misses::total           79                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu26.inst      9905250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9905250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu26.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu26.inst      9905250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu26.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9905250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu26.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu26.inst      9905250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu26.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9905250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu26.inst          924                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          924                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu26.icache.demand_accesses::cpu26.inst          924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu26.icache.demand_accesses::total          924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu26.icache.overall_accesses::cpu26.inst          924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu26.icache.overall_accesses::total          924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu26.inst     0.085498                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.085498                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu26.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu26.inst     0.085498                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu26.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.085498                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu26.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu26.inst     0.085498                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu26.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.085498                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu26.inst 125382.911392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125382.911392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu26.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu26.inst 125382.911392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu26.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125382.911392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu26.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu26.inst 125382.911392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu26.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125382.911392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu26.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          149                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu26.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu26.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu26.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu26.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          149                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu26.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu26.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu26.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu26.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu26.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu26.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu26.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu26.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu26.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu26.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu26.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu26.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu26.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu26.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu26.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu26.inst           54                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu26.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           54                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.inst      7451750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7451750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.inst      7451750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7451750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.inst      7451750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7451750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu26.inst     0.058442                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058442                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu26.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu26.inst     0.058442                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu26.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058442                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu26.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu26.inst     0.058442                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu26.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058442                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.inst 137995.370370                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137995.370370                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.inst 137995.370370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137995.370370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.inst 137995.370370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137995.370370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu27.branchPred.lookups                  8391                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu27.branchPred.condPredicted            7888                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu27.branchPred.condIncorrect             119                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu27.branchPred.BTBLookups               8112                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu27.branchPred.BTBHits                  4158                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu27.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu27.branchPred.BTBHitPct           51.257396                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu27.branchPred.usedRAS                   212                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu27.branchPred.RASInCorrect                1                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu27.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu27.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu27.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu27.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu27.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu27.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu27.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu27.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu27.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu27.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu27.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu27.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu27.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu27.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu27.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu27.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu27.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu27.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu27.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu27.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu27.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu27.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu27.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu27.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu27.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu27.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu27.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu27.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu27.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu27.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu27.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu27.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu27.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu27.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu27.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu27.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu27.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu27.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu27.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu27.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu27.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu27.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu27.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu27.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu27.numCycles                          23571                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu27.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu27.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu27.fetch.icacheStallCycles             3116                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu27.fetch.Insts                        34468                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu27.fetch.Branches                      8391                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu27.fetch.predictedBranches             4370                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu27.fetch.Cycles                       12263                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu27.fetch.SquashCycles                   315                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu27.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu27.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles            1                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu27.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu27.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu27.fetch.CacheLines                     849                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu27.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  59                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu27.fetch.rateDist::samples            15558                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu27.fetch.rateDist::mean            2.341625                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu27.fetch.rateDist::stdev           3.531684                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu27.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu27.fetch.rateDist::0                  10468     67.28%     67.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu27.fetch.rateDist::1                    237      1.52%     68.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu27.fetch.rateDist::2                     37      0.24%     69.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu27.fetch.rateDist::3                    197      1.27%     70.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu27.fetch.rateDist::4                    134      0.86%     71.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu27.fetch.rateDist::5                    174      1.12%     72.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu27.fetch.rateDist::6                    133      0.85%     73.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu27.fetch.rateDist::7                     99      0.64%     73.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu27.fetch.rateDist::8                   4079     26.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu27.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu27.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu27.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu27.fetch.rateDist::total              15558                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu27.fetch.branchRate                0.355988                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu27.fetch.rate                      1.462305                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu27.decode.IdleCycles                   3004                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu27.decode.BlockedCycles                7931                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu27.decode.RunCycles                    1553                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu27.decode.UnblockCycles                2941                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu27.decode.SquashCycles                  128                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu27.decode.BranchResolved                235                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu27.decode.BranchMispred                  29                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu27.decode.DecodedInsts                33724                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu27.decode.SquashedInsts                 104                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu27.rename.SquashCycles                  128                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu27.rename.IdleCycles                   3287                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu27.rename.BlockCycles                  3131                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu27.rename.serializeStallCycles         2856                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu27.rename.RunCycles                    4179                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu27.rename.UnblockCycles                1976                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu27.rename.RenamedInsts                33063                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu27.rename.ROBFullEvents                   4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu27.rename.IQFullEvents                 1758                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu27.rename.LQFullEvents                    8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu27.rename.RenamedOperands             57888                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu27.rename.RenameLookups              160203                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu27.rename.int_rename_lookups          44290                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu27.rename.CommittedMaps               51935                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu27.rename.UndoneMaps                   5942                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu27.rename.serializingInsts               53                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu27.rename.tempSerializingInsts           53                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu27.rename.skidInsts                    5203                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu27.memDep0.insertedLoads               4557                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu27.memDep0.insertedStores               927                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu27.memDep0.conflictingLoads             380                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu27.memDep0.conflictingStores            402                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu27.iq.iqInstsAdded                    32529                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu27.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                85                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu27.iq.iqInstsIssued                   30542                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu27.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             285                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu27.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          3453                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu27.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        11000                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu27.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            6                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu27.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        15558                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu27.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.963106                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu27.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      1.948967                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu27.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu27.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              7388     47.49%     47.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu27.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               434      2.79%     50.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu27.iq.issued_per_cycle::2               346      2.22%     52.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu27.iq.issued_per_cycle::3               144      0.93%     53.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu27.iq.issued_per_cycle::4              7246     46.57%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu27.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu27.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu27.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu27.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         15558                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               25395     83.15%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.01%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               4389     14.37%     97.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               755      2.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::total                30542                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.rate                         1.295745                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu27.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu27.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu27.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            76927                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu27.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           36077                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu27.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        30289                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu27.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu27.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu27.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu27.iq.int_alu_accesses                30542                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu27.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu27.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              9                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu27.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu27.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          521                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu27.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu27.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu27.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          266                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu27.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu27.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu27.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           42                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu27.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           30                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu27.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu27.iew.iewSquashCycles                  128                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu27.iew.iewBlockCycles                   366                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu27.iew.iewUnblockCycles                2573                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu27.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             32617                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu27.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              32                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu27.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                4557                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu27.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                927                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu27.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               41                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu27.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu27.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                2573                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu27.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu27.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           35                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu27.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           57                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu27.iew.branchMispredicts                 92                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu27.iew.iewExecutedInsts               30478                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu27.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                4369                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu27.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              64                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu27.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu27.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu27.iew.exec_refs                       5099                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu27.iew.exec_branches                   7124                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu27.iew.exec_stores                      730                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu27.iew.exec_rate                   1.293030                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu27.iew.wb_sent                        30342                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu27.iew.wb_count                       30289                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu27.iew.wb_producers                   21528                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu27.iew.wb_consumers                   43763                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu27.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu27.iew.wb_rate                     1.285011                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu27.iew.wb_fanout                   0.491922                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu27.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu27.commit.commitSquashedInsts          3391                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu27.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            79                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu27.commit.branchMispredicts              90                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu27.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        15063                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu27.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.935936                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu27.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.447119                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu27.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu27.commit.committed_per_cycle::0         7677     50.97%     50.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu27.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         1303      8.65%     59.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu27.commit.committed_per_cycle::2          166      1.10%     60.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu27.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         2376     15.77%     76.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu27.commit.committed_per_cycle::4           74      0.49%     76.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu27.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         2408     15.99%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu27.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          145      0.96%     93.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu27.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          120      0.80%     94.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu27.commit.committed_per_cycle::8          794      5.27%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu27.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu27.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu27.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu27.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        15063                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu27.commit.committedInsts              28129                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu27.commit.committedOps                29161                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu27.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu27.commit.refs                         4697                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu27.commit.loads                        4036                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu27.commit.membars                        41                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu27.commit.branches                     6919                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu27.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu27.commit.int_insts                   22423                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu27.commit.function_calls                111                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          24462     83.89%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.01%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          4036     13.84%     97.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          661      2.27%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::total           29161                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.bw_lim_events                 794                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu27.rob.rob_reads                      46392                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu27.rob.rob_writes                     65670                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu27.timesIdled                            41                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu27.idleCycles                          8013                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu27.quiesceCycles                      76516                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu27.committedInsts                     28129                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu27.committedOps                       29161                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu27.cpi                             0.837961                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu27.cpi_total                       0.837961                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu27.ipc                             1.193373                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu27.ipc_total                       1.193373                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu27.int_regfile_reads                  40587                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu27.int_regfile_writes                 12850                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu27.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu27.cc_regfile_reads                  104115                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu27.cc_regfile_writes                  40924                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu27.misc_regfile_reads                  6104                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu27.misc_regfile_writes                   23                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu27.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu27.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           5.826376                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu27.dcache.tags.total_refs              4846                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu27.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              29                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu27.dcache.tags.avg_refs          167.103448                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu27.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu27.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu27.data     5.826376                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu27.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu27.data     0.005690                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu27.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.005690                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu27.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu27.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu27.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu27.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.028320                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu27.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            9914                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.tags.data_accesses           9914                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu27.data         4211                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          4211                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu27.data          631                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          631                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu27.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu27.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu27.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu27.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu27.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu27.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_hits::cpu27.data         4842                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_hits::total           4842                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_hits::cpu27.data         4844                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_hits::total          4844                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu27.data           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu27.data           22                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           22                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu27.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu27.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu27.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu27.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu27.data            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu27.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu27.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_misses::cpu27.data           79                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_misses::total           79                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_misses::cpu27.data           82                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_misses::total           82                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu27.data     10152749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10152749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu27.data     10275500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     10275500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu27.data        92500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total        92500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu27.data        37500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        37500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu27.data        35999                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        35999                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu27.data     20428249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     20428249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu27.data     20428249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     20428249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu27.data         4268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu27.data          653                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          653                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu27.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu27.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu27.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu27.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu27.data            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu27.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu27.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu27.data         4921                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_accesses::total         4921                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu27.data         4926                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_accesses::total         4926                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu27.data     0.013355                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013355                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu27.data     0.033691                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.033691                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu27.data     0.600000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.600000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu27.data     0.833333                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.833333                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu27.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu27.data     0.016054                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016054                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu27.data     0.016646                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016646                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu27.data 178118.403509                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178118.403509                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu27.data 467068.181818                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 467068.181818                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu27.data        18500                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        18500                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu27.data         9375                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total         9375                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu27.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu27.data 258585.430380                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 258585.430380                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu27.data 249124.987805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 249124.987805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu27.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          268                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu27.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu27.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu27.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu27.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          268                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu27.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu27.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu27.data           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu27.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu27.data           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu27.data           44                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu27.data           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu27.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu27.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu27.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu27.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu27.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu27.data            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu27.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu27.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu27.data           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu27.data           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.data      2581001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2581001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.data      3202750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3202750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.data        18000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        18000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.data        77000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        77000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.data        28500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        28500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.data        32001                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        32001                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.data      5783751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5783751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.data      5801751                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5801751                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu27.data     0.006560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu27.data     0.010720                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010720                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu27.data     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu27.data     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu27.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu27.data     0.007112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu27.data     0.007511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.data 92178.607143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92178.607143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.data 457535.714286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 457535.714286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.data         9000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.data        15400                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        15400                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.data         7125                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         7125                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.data 165250.028571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165250.028571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.data 156804.081081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156804.081081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu27.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu27.icache.tags.tagsinuse           9.273698                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu27.icache.tags.total_refs               776                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu27.icache.tags.sampled_refs              53                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu27.icache.tags.avg_refs           14.641509                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu27.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu27.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu27.inst     9.273698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu27.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu27.inst     0.018113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu27.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.018113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu27.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu27.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu27.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu27.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.103516                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu27.icache.tags.tag_accesses            1751                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu27.icache.tags.data_accesses           1751                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu27.inst          776                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           776                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu27.icache.demand_hits::cpu27.inst          776                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu27.icache.demand_hits::total            776                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu27.icache.overall_hits::cpu27.inst          776                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu27.icache.overall_hits::total           776                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu27.inst           73                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           73                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu27.icache.demand_misses::cpu27.inst           73                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu27.icache.demand_misses::total           73                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu27.icache.overall_misses::cpu27.inst           73                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu27.icache.overall_misses::total           73                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu27.inst      8494250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8494250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu27.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu27.inst      8494250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu27.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8494250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu27.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu27.inst      8494250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu27.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8494250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu27.inst          849                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          849                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu27.icache.demand_accesses::cpu27.inst          849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu27.icache.demand_accesses::total          849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu27.icache.overall_accesses::cpu27.inst          849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu27.icache.overall_accesses::total          849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu27.inst     0.085984                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.085984                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu27.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu27.inst     0.085984                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu27.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.085984                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu27.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu27.inst     0.085984                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu27.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.085984                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu27.inst 116359.589041                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116359.589041                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu27.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu27.inst 116359.589041                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu27.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 116359.589041                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu27.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu27.inst 116359.589041                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu27.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 116359.589041                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu27.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           80                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu27.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu27.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu27.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu27.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           80                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu27.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu27.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu27.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu27.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu27.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu27.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu27.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu27.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu27.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu27.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu27.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu27.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu27.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu27.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu27.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu27.inst           53                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu27.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.inst      6981250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6981250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.inst      6981250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6981250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.inst      6981250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6981250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu27.inst     0.062426                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062426                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu27.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu27.inst     0.062426                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu27.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062426                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu27.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu27.inst     0.062426                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu27.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062426                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.inst 131721.698113                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 131721.698113                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.inst 131721.698113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 131721.698113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.inst 131721.698113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 131721.698113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu28.branchPred.lookups                  5807                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu28.branchPred.condPredicted            5311                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu28.branchPred.condIncorrect             134                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu28.branchPred.BTBLookups               3118                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu28.branchPred.BTBHits                  2819                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu28.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu28.branchPred.BTBHitPct           90.410520                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu28.branchPred.usedRAS                   176                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu28.branchPred.RASInCorrect                1                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu28.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu28.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu28.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu28.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu28.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu28.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu28.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu28.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu28.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu28.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu28.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu28.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu28.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu28.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu28.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu28.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu28.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu28.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu28.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu28.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu28.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu28.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu28.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu28.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu28.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu28.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu28.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu28.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu28.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu28.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu28.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu28.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu28.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu28.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu28.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu28.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu28.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu28.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu28.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu28.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu28.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu28.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu28.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu28.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu28.numCycles                          22865                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu28.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu28.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu28.fetch.icacheStallCycles             2476                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu28.fetch.Insts                        24242                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu28.fetch.Branches                      5807                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu28.fetch.predictedBranches             2995                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu28.fetch.Cycles                       11156                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu28.fetch.SquashCycles                   319                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu28.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu28.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles            1                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu28.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu28.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           30                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu28.fetch.CacheLines                     805                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu28.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  64                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu28.fetch.rateDist::samples            13831                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu28.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.888005                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu28.fetch.rateDist::stdev           3.281222                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu28.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu28.fetch.rateDist::0                  10122     73.18%     73.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu28.fetch.rateDist::1                    163      1.18%     74.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu28.fetch.rateDist::2                     36      0.26%     74.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu28.fetch.rateDist::3                    187      1.35%     75.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu28.fetch.rateDist::4                     97      0.70%     76.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu28.fetch.rateDist::5                    191      1.38%     78.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu28.fetch.rateDist::6                    117      0.85%     78.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu28.fetch.rateDist::7                     72      0.52%     79.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu28.fetch.rateDist::8                   2846     20.58%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu28.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu28.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu28.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu28.fetch.rateDist::total              13831                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu28.fetch.branchRate                0.253969                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu28.fetch.rate                      1.060223                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu28.decode.IdleCycles                   2491                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu28.decode.BlockedCycles                7983                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu28.decode.RunCycles                    1331                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu28.decode.UnblockCycles                1895                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu28.decode.SquashCycles                  130                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu28.decode.BranchResolved                240                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu28.decode.BranchMispred                  29                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu28.decode.DecodedInsts                23946                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu28.decode.SquashedInsts                  97                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu28.rename.SquashCycles                  130                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu28.rename.IdleCycles                   2723                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu28.rename.BlockCycles                  2841                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu28.rename.serializeStallCycles         3835                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu28.rename.RunCycles                    2971                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu28.rename.UnblockCycles                1330                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu28.rename.RenamedInsts                23328                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu28.rename.IQFullEvents                 1154                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu28.rename.LQFullEvents                    8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu28.rename.RenamedOperands             39497                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu28.rename.RenameLookups              112715                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu28.rename.int_rename_lookups          30931                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu28.rename.CommittedMaps               34266                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu28.rename.UndoneMaps                   5227                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu28.rename.serializingInsts               65                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu28.rename.tempSerializingInsts           63                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu28.rename.skidInsts                    3512                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu28.memDep0.insertedLoads               3244                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu28.memDep0.insertedStores               913                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu28.memDep0.conflictingLoads             231                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu28.memDep0.conflictingStores            106                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu28.iq.iqInstsAdded                    22653                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu28.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                90                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu28.iq.iqInstsIssued                   20890                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu28.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             348                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu28.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          3418                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu28.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined         9907                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu28.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu28.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        13831                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu28.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.510375                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu28.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      1.887284                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu28.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu28.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              8110     58.64%     58.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu28.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               456      3.30%     61.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu28.iq.issued_per_cycle::2               249      1.80%     63.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu28.iq.issued_per_cycle::3               128      0.93%     64.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu28.iq.issued_per_cycle::4              4888     35.34%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu28.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu28.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu28.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu28.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         13831                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               17144     82.07%     82.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.01%     82.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     82.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     82.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     82.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     82.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     82.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     82.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     82.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     82.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     82.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     82.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     82.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     82.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     82.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     82.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     82.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     82.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     82.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     82.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     82.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     82.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     82.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     82.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     82.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     82.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               3057     14.63%     96.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               686      3.28%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::total                20890                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.rate                         0.913623                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu28.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu28.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu28.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            55959                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu28.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           26168                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu28.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        20625                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu28.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu28.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu28.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu28.iq.int_alu_accesses                20890                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu28.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu28.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads             10                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu28.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu28.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          552                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu28.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu28.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu28.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          443                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu28.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu28.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu28.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           36                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu28.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           11                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu28.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu28.iew.iewSquashCycles                  130                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu28.iew.iewBlockCycles                   367                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu28.iew.iewUnblockCycles                2461                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu28.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             22746                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu28.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              88                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu28.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                3244                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu28.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                913                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu28.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               47                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu28.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu28.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                2461                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu28.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu28.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           29                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu28.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           83                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu28.iew.branchMispredicts                112                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu28.iew.iewExecutedInsts               20766                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu28.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                3035                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu28.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             124                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu28.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu28.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu28.iew.exec_refs                       3646                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu28.iew.exec_branches                   4822                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu28.iew.exec_stores                      611                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu28.iew.exec_rate                   0.908200                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu28.iew.wb_sent                        20672                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu28.iew.wb_count                       20625                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu28.iew.wb_producers                   14516                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu28.iew.wb_consumers                   29482                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu28.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu28.iew.wb_rate                     0.902034                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu28.iew.wb_fanout                   0.492368                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu28.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu28.commit.commitSquashedInsts          3353                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu28.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            72                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu28.commit.branchMispredicts             105                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu28.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        13333                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu28.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.449411                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu28.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.278619                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu28.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu28.commit.committed_per_cycle::0         8387     62.90%     62.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu28.commit.committed_per_cycle::1          908      6.81%     69.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu28.commit.committed_per_cycle::2          177      1.33%     71.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu28.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         1518     11.39%     82.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu28.commit.committed_per_cycle::4           99      0.74%     83.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu28.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         1519     11.39%     94.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu28.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          112      0.84%     95.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu28.commit.committed_per_cycle::7           58      0.44%     95.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu28.commit.committed_per_cycle::8          555      4.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu28.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu28.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu28.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu28.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        13333                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu28.commit.committedInsts              18623                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu28.commit.committedOps                19325                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu28.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu28.commit.refs                         3162                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu28.commit.loads                        2692                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu28.commit.membars                        31                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu28.commit.branches                     4573                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu28.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu28.commit.int_insts                   14875                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu28.commit.function_calls                 77                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          16161     83.63%     83.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.01%     83.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          2692     13.93%     97.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          470      2.43%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::total           19325                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.bw_lim_events                 555                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu28.rob.rob_reads                      35183                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu28.rob.rob_writes                     45925                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu28.timesIdled                            43                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu28.idleCycles                          9034                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu28.quiesceCycles                      77222                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu28.committedInsts                     18623                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu28.committedOps                       19325                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu28.cpi                             1.227783                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu28.cpi_total                       1.227783                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu28.ipc                             0.814476                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu28.ipc_total                       0.814476                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu28.int_regfile_reads                  27423                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu28.int_regfile_writes                  8951                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu28.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu28.cc_regfile_reads                   71148                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu28.cc_regfile_writes                  27138                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu28.misc_regfile_reads                  4646                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu28.misc_regfile_writes                   83                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu28.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu28.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           5.183125                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu28.dcache.tags.total_refs              3299                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu28.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              27                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu28.dcache.tags.avg_refs          122.185185                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu28.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu28.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu28.data     5.183125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu28.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu28.data     0.005062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu28.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.005062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu28.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu28.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu28.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu28.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.026367                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu28.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            6913                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.tags.data_accesses           6913                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu28.data         2870                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          2870                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu28.data          425                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          425                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu28.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu28.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu28.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu28.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_hits::cpu28.data         3295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_hits::total           3295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_hits::cpu28.data         3297                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_hits::total          3297                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu28.data           74                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           74                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu28.data           22                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           22                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu28.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu28.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu28.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu28.data           19                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           19                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu28.data            9                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            9                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_misses::cpu28.data           96                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_misses::total           96                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_misses::cpu28.data           99                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_misses::total           99                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu28.data      8123749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8123749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu28.data      7942500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7942500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu28.data       873423                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       873423                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu28.data        38499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        38499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu28.data       199500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       199500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu28.data     16066249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     16066249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu28.data     16066249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     16066249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu28.data         2944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu28.data          447                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          447                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu28.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu28.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu28.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu28.data           21                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           21                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu28.data            9                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            9                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu28.data         3391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_accesses::total         3391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu28.data         3396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_accesses::total         3396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu28.data     0.025136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.025136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu28.data     0.049217                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.049217                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu28.data     0.600000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.600000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu28.data     0.904762                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.904762                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu28.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu28.data     0.028310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.028310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu28.data     0.029152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.029152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu28.data 109780.391892                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109780.391892                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu28.data 361022.727273                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 361022.727273                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu28.data 45969.631579                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45969.631579                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu28.data  4277.666667                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4277.666667                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu28.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu28.data 167356.760417                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167356.760417                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu28.data 162285.343434                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162285.343434                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu28.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           42                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu28.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu28.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu28.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu28.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           21                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu28.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu28.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu28.data           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu28.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu28.data           61                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu28.data           61                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           61                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu28.data           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu28.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu28.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu28.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu28.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu28.data           19                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           19                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu28.data            9                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu28.data           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu28.data           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.data      2330001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2330001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.data      2628250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2628250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.data        18500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        18500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.data       805577                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       805577                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.data        28001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        28001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.data       181500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       181500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.data      4958251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4958251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.data      4976751                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4976751                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu28.data     0.009511                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009511                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu28.data     0.015660                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015660                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu28.data     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu28.data     0.904762                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.904762                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu28.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu28.data     0.010321                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010321                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu28.data     0.010895                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010895                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.data 83214.321429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83214.321429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.data 375464.285714                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 375464.285714                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.data         9250                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9250                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.data 42398.789474                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42398.789474                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.data  3111.222222                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3111.222222                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.data 141664.314286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 141664.314286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.data 134506.783784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 134506.783784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu28.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu28.icache.tags.tagsinuse           8.697289                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu28.icache.tags.total_refs               729                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu28.icache.tags.sampled_refs              55                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu28.icache.tags.avg_refs           13.254545                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu28.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu28.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu28.inst     8.697289                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu28.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu28.inst     0.016987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu28.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.016987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu28.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu28.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu28.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu28.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.107422                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu28.icache.tags.tag_accesses            1665                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu28.icache.tags.data_accesses           1665                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu28.inst          729                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           729                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu28.icache.demand_hits::cpu28.inst          729                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu28.icache.demand_hits::total            729                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu28.icache.overall_hits::cpu28.inst          729                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu28.icache.overall_hits::total           729                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu28.inst           76                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           76                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu28.icache.demand_misses::cpu28.inst           76                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu28.icache.demand_misses::total           76                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu28.icache.overall_misses::cpu28.inst           76                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu28.icache.overall_misses::total           76                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu28.inst      9782250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9782250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu28.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu28.inst      9782250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu28.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9782250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu28.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu28.inst      9782250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu28.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9782250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu28.inst          805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu28.icache.demand_accesses::cpu28.inst          805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu28.icache.demand_accesses::total          805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu28.icache.overall_accesses::cpu28.inst          805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu28.icache.overall_accesses::total          805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu28.inst     0.094410                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.094410                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu28.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu28.inst     0.094410                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu28.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.094410                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu28.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu28.inst     0.094410                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu28.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.094410                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu28.inst 128713.815789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128713.815789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu28.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu28.inst 128713.815789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu28.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 128713.815789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu28.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu28.inst 128713.815789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu28.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 128713.815789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu28.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          123                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu28.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu28.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu28.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu28.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    61.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu28.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu28.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu28.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu28.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu28.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu28.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu28.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu28.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu28.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu28.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu28.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu28.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu28.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu28.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu28.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu28.inst           55                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu28.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           55                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.inst      7955250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7955250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.inst      7955250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7955250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.inst      7955250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7955250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu28.inst     0.068323                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.068323                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu28.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu28.inst     0.068323                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu28.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.068323                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu28.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu28.inst     0.068323                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu28.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.068323                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.inst 144640.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 144640.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.inst 144640.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 144640.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.inst 144640.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 144640.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu29.branchPred.lookups                  5858                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu29.branchPred.condPredicted            5426                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu29.branchPred.condIncorrect             115                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu29.branchPred.BTBLookups               3221                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu29.branchPred.BTBHits                  2875                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu29.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu29.branchPred.BTBHitPct           89.257994                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu29.branchPred.usedRAS                   161                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu29.branchPred.RASInCorrect                1                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu29.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu29.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu29.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu29.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu29.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu29.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu29.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu29.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu29.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu29.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu29.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu29.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu29.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu29.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu29.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu29.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu29.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu29.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu29.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu29.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu29.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu29.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu29.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu29.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu29.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu29.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu29.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu29.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu29.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu29.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu29.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu29.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu29.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu29.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu29.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu29.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu29.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu29.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu29.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu29.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu29.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu29.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu29.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu29.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu29.numCycles                          22320                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu29.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu29.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu29.fetch.icacheStallCycles             2250                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu29.fetch.Insts                        24306                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu29.fetch.Branches                      5858                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu29.fetch.predictedBranches             3036                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu29.fetch.Cycles                       10870                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu29.fetch.SquashCycles                   281                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu29.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu29.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles            1                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu29.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu29.fetch.CacheLines                     710                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu29.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  54                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu29.fetch.rateDist::samples            13268                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu29.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.954326                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu29.fetch.rateDist::stdev           3.335969                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu29.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu29.fetch.rateDist::0                   9666     72.85%     72.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu29.fetch.rateDist::1                    104      0.78%     73.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu29.fetch.rateDist::2                     33      0.25%     73.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu29.fetch.rateDist::3                    165      1.24%     75.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu29.fetch.rateDist::4                     96      0.72%     75.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu29.fetch.rateDist::5                    177      1.33%     77.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu29.fetch.rateDist::6                    105      0.79%     77.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu29.fetch.rateDist::7                     10      0.08%     78.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu29.fetch.rateDist::8                   2912     21.95%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu29.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu29.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu29.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu29.fetch.rateDist::total              13268                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu29.fetch.branchRate                0.262455                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu29.fetch.rate                      1.088978                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu29.decode.IdleCycles                   2474                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu29.decode.BlockedCycles                7487                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu29.decode.RunCycles                    1111                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu29.decode.UnblockCycles                2083                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu29.decode.SquashCycles                  112                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu29.decode.BranchResolved                203                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu29.decode.BranchMispred                  28                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu29.decode.DecodedInsts                23814                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu29.decode.SquashedInsts                  94                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu29.rename.SquashCycles                  112                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu29.rename.IdleCycles                   2661                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu29.rename.BlockCycles                  2531                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu29.rename.serializeStallCycles         3659                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu29.rename.RunCycles                    2985                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu29.rename.UnblockCycles                1319                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu29.rename.RenamedInsts                23252                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu29.rename.IQFullEvents                 1181                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu29.rename.LQFullEvents                    8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu29.rename.RenamedOperands             40013                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu29.rename.RenameLookups              112512                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu29.rename.int_rename_lookups          30966                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu29.rename.CommittedMaps               35368                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu29.rename.UndoneMaps                   4641                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu29.rename.serializingInsts               55                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu29.rename.tempSerializingInsts           54                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu29.rename.skidInsts                    3240                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu29.memDep0.insertedLoads               3203                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu29.memDep0.insertedStores               767                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu29.memDep0.conflictingLoads             243                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu29.memDep0.conflictingStores            112                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu29.iq.iqInstsAdded                    22678                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu29.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                86                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu29.iq.iqInstsIssued                   21115                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu29.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             288                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu29.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          2834                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu29.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined         8651                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu29.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu29.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        13268                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu29.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.591423                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu29.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      1.907251                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu29.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu29.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              7516     56.65%     56.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu29.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               434      3.27%     59.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu29.iq.issued_per_cycle::2               239      1.80%     61.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu29.iq.issued_per_cycle::3               113      0.85%     62.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu29.iq.issued_per_cycle::4              4966     37.43%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu29.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu29.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu29.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu29.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         13268                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               17467     82.72%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.01%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               3050     14.44%     97.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               595      2.82%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::total                21115                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.rate                         0.946013                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu29.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu29.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu29.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            55786                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu29.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           25601                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu29.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        20911                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu29.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu29.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu29.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu29.iq.int_alu_accesses                21115                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu29.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu29.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              9                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu29.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu29.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          433                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu29.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu29.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            3                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu29.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          287                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu29.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu29.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu29.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           31                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu29.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           10                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu29.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu29.iew.iewSquashCycles                  112                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu29.iew.iewBlockCycles                   291                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu29.iew.iewUnblockCycles                2233                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu29.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             22767                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu29.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              96                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu29.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                3203                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu29.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                767                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu29.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               42                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu29.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu29.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                2233                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu29.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            3                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu29.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           27                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu29.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           63                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu29.iew.branchMispredicts                 90                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu29.iew.iewExecutedInsts               21034                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu29.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                3039                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu29.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              81                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu29.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu29.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu29.iew.exec_refs                       3589                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu29.iew.exec_branches                   4906                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu29.iew.exec_stores                      550                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu29.iew.exec_rate                   0.942384                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu29.iew.wb_sent                        20950                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu29.iew.wb_count                       20911                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu29.iew.wb_producers                   14793                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu29.iew.wb_consumers                   30051                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu29.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu29.iew.wb_rate                     0.936873                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu29.iew.wb_fanout                   0.492263                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu29.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu29.commit.commitSquashedInsts          2769                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu29.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            70                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu29.commit.branchMispredicts              87                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu29.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        12864                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu29.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.549285                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu29.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.259031                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu29.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu29.commit.committed_per_cycle::0         7812     60.73%     60.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu29.commit.committed_per_cycle::1          659      5.12%     65.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu29.commit.committed_per_cycle::2          158      1.23%     67.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu29.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         1805     14.03%     81.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu29.commit.committed_per_cycle::4           95      0.74%     81.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu29.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         1778     13.82%     95.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu29.commit.committed_per_cycle::6           78      0.61%     96.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu29.commit.committed_per_cycle::7           30      0.23%     96.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu29.commit.committed_per_cycle::8          449      3.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu29.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu29.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu29.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu29.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        12864                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu29.commit.committedInsts              19208                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu29.commit.committedOps                19930                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu29.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu29.commit.refs                         3250                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu29.commit.loads                        2770                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu29.commit.membars                        31                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu29.commit.branches                     4718                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu29.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu29.commit.int_insts                   15339                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu29.commit.function_calls                 79                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          16678     83.68%     83.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.01%     83.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     83.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     83.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     83.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     83.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     83.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     83.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     83.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     83.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          2770     13.90%     97.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          480      2.41%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::total           19930                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.bw_lim_events                 449                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu29.rob.rob_reads                      34828                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu29.rob.rob_writes                     45873                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu29.timesIdled                            44                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu29.idleCycles                          9052                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu29.quiesceCycles                      77767                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu29.committedInsts                     19208                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu29.committedOps                       19930                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu29.cpi                             1.162016                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu29.cpi_total                       1.162016                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu29.ipc                             0.860573                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu29.ipc_total                       0.860573                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu29.int_regfile_reads                  27909                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu29.int_regfile_writes                  8951                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu29.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu29.cc_regfile_reads                   71985                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu29.cc_regfile_writes                  27937                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu29.misc_regfile_reads                  4585                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu29.misc_regfile_writes                   72                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu29.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu29.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           5.106452                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu29.dcache.tags.total_refs              3333                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu29.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              27                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu29.dcache.tags.avg_refs          123.444444                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu29.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu29.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu29.data     5.106452                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu29.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu29.data     0.004987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu29.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.004987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu29.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu29.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu29.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu29.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.026367                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu29.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            6949                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.tags.data_accesses           6949                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu29.data         2888                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          2888                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu29.data          441                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          441                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu29.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu29.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu29.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu29.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu29.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu29.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_hits::cpu29.data         3329                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_hits::total           3329                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_hits::cpu29.data         3331                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_hits::total          3331                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu29.data           69                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           69                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu29.data           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu29.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu29.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu29.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu29.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu29.data           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu29.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu29.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_misses::cpu29.data           88                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_misses::total           88                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_misses::cpu29.data           91                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_misses::total           91                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu29.data      7184623                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7184623                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu29.data      6773000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6773000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu29.data       834444                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       834444                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu29.data        37499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        37499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu29.data       207000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       207000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu29.data     13957623                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     13957623                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu29.data     13957623                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     13957623                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu29.data         2957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu29.data          460                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          460                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu29.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu29.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu29.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu29.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu29.data           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu29.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu29.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu29.data         3417                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_accesses::total         3417                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu29.data         3422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_accesses::total         3422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu29.data     0.023334                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.023334                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu29.data     0.041304                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.041304                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu29.data     0.600000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.600000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu29.data     0.833333                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.833333                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu29.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu29.data     0.025754                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.025754                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu29.data     0.026593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.026593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu29.data 104124.971014                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104124.971014                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu29.data 356473.684211                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 356473.684211                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu29.data 55629.600000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55629.600000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu29.data         5357                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total         5357                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu29.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu29.data 158609.352273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 158609.352273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu29.data 153380.472527                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 153380.472527                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu29.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           33                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu29.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu29.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu29.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu29.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           33                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu29.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu29.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu29.data           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu29.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu29.data           53                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu29.data           53                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           53                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu29.data           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu29.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu29.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu29.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu29.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu29.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu29.data           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu29.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu29.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu29.data           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu29.data           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.data      2182008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2182008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.data      2245750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2245750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.data        19000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        19000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.data       781056                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       781056                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.data        27001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        27001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.data       195000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       195000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.data      4427758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4427758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.data      4446758                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4446758                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu29.data     0.009469                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009469                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu29.data     0.015217                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015217                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu29.data     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu29.data     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu29.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu29.data     0.010243                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010243                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu29.data     0.010812                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010812                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.data 77928.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77928.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.data 320821.428571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 320821.428571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.data         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.data 52070.400000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52070.400000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.data  3857.285714                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3857.285714                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.data 126507.371429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126507.371429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.data 120182.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120182.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu29.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu29.icache.tags.tagsinuse           8.419031                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu29.icache.tags.total_refs               637                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu29.icache.tags.sampled_refs              54                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu29.icache.tags.avg_refs           11.796296                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu29.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu29.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu29.inst     8.419031                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu29.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu29.inst     0.016443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu29.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.016443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu29.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu29.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu29.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu29.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.105469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu29.icache.tags.tag_accesses            1474                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu29.icache.tags.data_accesses           1474                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu29.inst          637                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           637                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu29.icache.demand_hits::cpu29.inst          637                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu29.icache.demand_hits::total            637                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu29.icache.overall_hits::cpu29.inst          637                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu29.icache.overall_hits::total           637                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu29.inst           73                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           73                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu29.icache.demand_misses::cpu29.inst           73                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu29.icache.demand_misses::total           73                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu29.icache.overall_misses::cpu29.inst           73                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu29.icache.overall_misses::total           73                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu29.inst      9189250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9189250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu29.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu29.inst      9189250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu29.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9189250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu29.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu29.inst      9189250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu29.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9189250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu29.inst          710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu29.icache.demand_accesses::cpu29.inst          710                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu29.icache.demand_accesses::total          710                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu29.icache.overall_accesses::cpu29.inst          710                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu29.icache.overall_accesses::total          710                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu29.inst     0.102817                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.102817                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu29.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu29.inst     0.102817                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu29.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.102817                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu29.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu29.inst     0.102817                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu29.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.102817                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu29.inst 125880.136986                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125880.136986                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu29.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu29.inst 125880.136986                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu29.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125880.136986                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu29.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu29.inst 125880.136986                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu29.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125880.136986                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu29.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           76                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu29.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu29.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu29.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu29.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           76                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu29.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu29.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu29.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu29.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu29.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu29.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu29.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu29.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu29.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu29.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu29.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu29.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu29.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu29.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu29.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu29.inst           54                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu29.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           54                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.inst      7326750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7326750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.inst      7326750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7326750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.inst      7326750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7326750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu29.inst     0.076056                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.076056                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu29.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu29.inst     0.076056                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu29.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.076056                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu29.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu29.inst     0.076056                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu29.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.076056                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.inst 135680.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 135680.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.inst 135680.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 135680.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.inst 135680.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 135680.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu30.branchPred.lookups                  4627                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu30.branchPred.condPredicted            4195                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu30.branchPred.condIncorrect             117                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu30.branchPred.BTBLookups               2446                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu30.branchPred.BTBHits                  2239                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu30.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu30.branchPred.BTBHitPct           91.537204                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu30.branchPred.usedRAS                   144                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu30.branchPred.RASInCorrect                1                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu30.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu30.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu30.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu30.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu30.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu30.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu30.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu30.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu30.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu30.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu30.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu30.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu30.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu30.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu30.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu30.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu30.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu30.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu30.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu30.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu30.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu30.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu30.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu30.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu30.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu30.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu30.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu30.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu30.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu30.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu30.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu30.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu30.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu30.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu30.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu30.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu30.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu30.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu30.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu30.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu30.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu30.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu30.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu30.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu30.numCycles                          20998                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu30.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu30.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu30.fetch.icacheStallCycles             2231                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu30.fetch.Insts                        19440                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu30.fetch.Branches                      4627                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu30.fetch.predictedBranches             2383                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu30.fetch.Cycles                       10285                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu30.fetch.SquashCycles                   277                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu30.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu30.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles            1                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu30.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu30.fetch.CacheLines                     687                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu30.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  60                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu30.fetch.rateDist::samples            12662                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu30.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.662297                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu30.fetch.rateDist::stdev           3.139215                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu30.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu30.fetch.rateDist::0                   9694     76.56%     76.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu30.fetch.rateDist::1                     91      0.72%     77.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu30.fetch.rateDist::2                     32      0.25%     77.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu30.fetch.rateDist::3                    162      1.28%     78.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu30.fetch.rateDist::4                     81      0.64%     79.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu30.fetch.rateDist::5                    177      1.40%     80.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu30.fetch.rateDist::6                     95      0.75%     81.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu30.fetch.rateDist::7                     12      0.09%     81.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu30.fetch.rateDist::8                   2318     18.31%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu30.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu30.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu30.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu30.fetch.rateDist::total              12662                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu30.fetch.branchRate                0.220354                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu30.fetch.rate                      0.925802                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu30.decode.IdleCycles                   2161                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu30.decode.BlockedCycles                7800                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu30.decode.RunCycles                    1017                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu30.decode.UnblockCycles                1573                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu30.decode.SquashCycles                  110                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu30.decode.BranchResolved                207                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu30.decode.BranchMispred                  29                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu30.decode.DecodedInsts                19170                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu30.decode.SquashedInsts                  86                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu30.rename.SquashCycles                  110                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu30.rename.IdleCycles                   2331                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu30.rename.BlockCycles                  2548                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu30.rename.serializeStallCycles         4254                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu30.rename.RunCycles                    2404                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu30.rename.UnblockCycles                1014                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu30.rename.RenamedInsts                18639                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu30.rename.IQFullEvents                  883                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu30.rename.LQFullEvents                    8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu30.rename.RenamedOperands             31194                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu30.rename.RenameLookups               90024                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu30.rename.int_rename_lookups          24658                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu30.rename.CommittedMaps               26968                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu30.rename.UndoneMaps                   4222                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu30.rename.serializingInsts               69                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu30.rename.tempSerializingInsts           69                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu30.rename.skidInsts                    2586                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu30.memDep0.insertedLoads               2578                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu30.memDep0.insertedStores               819                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu30.memDep0.conflictingLoads             234                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu30.memDep0.conflictingStores            232                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu30.iq.iqInstsAdded                    18052                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu30.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                95                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu30.iq.iqInstsIssued                   16546                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu30.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             253                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu30.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          2851                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu30.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined         8473                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu30.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu30.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        12662                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu30.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.306745                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu30.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      1.822869                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu30.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu30.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              8070     63.73%     63.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu30.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               415      3.28%     67.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu30.iq.issued_per_cycle::2               242      1.91%     68.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu30.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                93      0.73%     69.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu30.iq.issued_per_cycle::4              3842     30.34%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu30.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu30.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu30.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu30.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         12662                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               13549     81.89%     81.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.02%     81.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     81.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     81.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     81.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     81.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     81.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     81.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     81.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     81.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     81.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     81.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     81.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     81.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     81.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     81.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     81.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     81.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     81.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     81.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     81.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     81.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     81.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     81.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     81.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     81.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               2418     14.61%     96.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               576      3.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::total                16546                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.rate                         0.787980                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu30.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu30.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu30.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            46007                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu30.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           21004                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu30.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        16326                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu30.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu30.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu30.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu30.iq.int_alu_accesses                16546                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu30.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu30.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads             10                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu30.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu30.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          431                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu30.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu30.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            6                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu30.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          410                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu30.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu30.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu30.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           29                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu30.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            6                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu30.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu30.iew.iewSquashCycles                  110                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu30.iew.iewBlockCycles                   303                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu30.iew.iewUnblockCycles                2238                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu30.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             18150                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu30.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             112                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu30.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                2578                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu30.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                819                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu30.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               53                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu30.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu30.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                2238                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu30.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            6                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu30.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           23                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu30.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           72                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu30.iew.branchMispredicts                 95                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu30.iew.iewExecutedInsts               16441                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu30.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                2407                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu30.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             105                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu30.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu30.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu30.iew.exec_refs                       2929                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu30.iew.exec_branches                   3794                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu30.iew.exec_stores                      522                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu30.iew.exec_rate                   0.782979                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu30.iew.wb_sent                        16362                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu30.iew.wb_count                       16326                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu30.iew.wb_producers                   11433                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu30.iew.wb_consumers                   23317                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu30.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu30.iew.wb_rate                     0.777503                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu30.iew.wb_fanout                   0.490329                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu30.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu30.commit.commitSquashedInsts          2786                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu30.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            75                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu30.commit.branchMispredicts              89                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu30.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        12248                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu30.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.248857                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu30.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.124858                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu30.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu30.commit.committed_per_cycle::0         8227     67.17%     67.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu30.commit.committed_per_cycle::1          734      5.99%     73.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu30.commit.committed_per_cycle::2          147      1.20%     74.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu30.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         1309     10.69%     85.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu30.commit.committed_per_cycle::4           80      0.65%     85.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu30.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         1271     10.38%     96.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu30.commit.committed_per_cycle::6           65      0.53%     96.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu30.commit.committed_per_cycle::7           44      0.36%     96.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu30.commit.committed_per_cycle::8          371      3.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu30.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu30.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu30.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu30.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        12248                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu30.commit.committedInsts              14710                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu30.commit.committedOps                15296                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu30.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu30.commit.refs                         2556                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu30.commit.loads                        2147                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu30.commit.membars                        27                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu30.commit.branches                     3604                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu30.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu30.commit.int_insts                   11795                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu30.commit.function_calls                 65                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          12738     83.28%     83.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.01%     83.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     83.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     83.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     83.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     83.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     83.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     83.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     83.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     83.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          2147     14.04%     97.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          409      2.67%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::total           15296                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.bw_lim_events                 371                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu30.rob.rob_reads                      29738                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu30.rob.rob_writes                     36648                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu30.timesIdled                            42                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu30.idleCycles                          8336                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu30.quiesceCycles                      79089                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu30.committedInsts                     14710                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu30.committedOps                       15296                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu30.cpi                             1.427464                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu30.cpi_total                       1.427464                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu30.ipc                             0.700543                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu30.ipc_total                       0.700543                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu30.int_regfile_reads                  21652                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu30.int_regfile_writes                  7133                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu30.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu30.cc_regfile_reads                   56367                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu30.cc_regfile_writes                  21267                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu30.misc_regfile_reads                  3876                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu30.misc_regfile_writes                  129                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu30.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu30.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           4.555314                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu30.dcache.tags.total_refs              2616                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu30.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              26                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu30.dcache.tags.avg_refs          100.615385                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu30.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu30.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu30.data     4.555314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu30.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu30.data     0.004449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu30.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.004449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu30.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu30.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu30.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu30.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.025391                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu30.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            5558                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.tags.data_accesses           5558                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu30.data         2256                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          2256                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu30.data          356                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          356                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu30.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu30.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu30.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu30.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_hits::cpu30.data         2612                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_hits::total           2612                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_hits::cpu30.data         2614                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_hits::total          2614                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu30.data           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu30.data           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu30.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu30.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu30.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu30.data           31                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           31                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu30.data           13                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           13                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_misses::cpu30.data           79                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_misses::total           79                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_misses::cpu30.data           82                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_misses::total           82                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu30.data      7487749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7487749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu30.data      6648750                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6648750                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu30.data      1108848                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1108848                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu30.data        37500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        37500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu30.data       261996                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       261996                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu30.data     14136499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     14136499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu30.data     14136499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     14136499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu30.data         2316                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2316                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu30.data          375                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          375                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu30.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu30.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu30.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu30.data           32                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           32                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu30.data           13                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           13                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu30.data         2691                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_accesses::total         2691                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu30.data         2696                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2696                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu30.data     0.025907                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.025907                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu30.data     0.050667                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.050667                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu30.data     0.600000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.600000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu30.data     0.968750                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.968750                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu30.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu30.data     0.029357                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.029357                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu30.data     0.030415                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.030415                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu30.data 124795.816667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124795.816667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu30.data 349934.210526                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 349934.210526                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu30.data 35769.290323                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35769.290323                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu30.data  2884.615385                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  2884.615385                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu30.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu30.data 178943.025316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 178943.025316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu30.data 172396.329268                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172396.329268                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu30.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           25                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu30.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu30.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu30.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu30.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           25                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu30.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu30.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu30.data           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu30.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu30.data           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu30.data           45                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           45                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu30.data           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu30.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu30.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu30.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu30.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu30.data           31                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu30.data           13                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu30.data           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu30.data           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.data      2344001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2344001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.data      2194500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2194500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.data        18500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        18500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.data       997652                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       997652                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.data        28500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        28500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.data       230504                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       230504                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.data      4538501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4538501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.data      4557001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4557001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu30.data     0.011658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu30.data     0.018667                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018667                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu30.data     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu30.data     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu30.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu30.data     0.012635                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012635                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu30.data     0.013353                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013353                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.data 86814.851852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86814.851852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.data       313500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       313500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.data         9250                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9250                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.data 32182.322581                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32182.322581                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.data  2192.307692                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  2192.307692                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.data 133485.323529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 133485.323529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.data 126583.361111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126583.361111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu30.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu30.icache.tags.tagsinuse           8.136427                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu30.icache.tags.total_refs               610                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu30.icache.tags.sampled_refs              55                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu30.icache.tags.avg_refs           11.090909                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu30.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu30.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu30.inst     8.136427                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu30.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu30.inst     0.015891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu30.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.015891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu30.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu30.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu30.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu30.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.107422                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu30.icache.tags.tag_accesses            1429                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu30.icache.tags.data_accesses           1429                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu30.inst          610                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           610                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu30.icache.demand_hits::cpu30.inst          610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu30.icache.demand_hits::total            610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu30.icache.overall_hits::cpu30.inst          610                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu30.icache.overall_hits::total           610                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu30.inst           77                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           77                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu30.icache.demand_misses::cpu30.inst           77                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu30.icache.demand_misses::total           77                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu30.icache.overall_misses::cpu30.inst           77                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu30.icache.overall_misses::total           77                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu30.inst      8934500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8934500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu30.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu30.inst      8934500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu30.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8934500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu30.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu30.inst      8934500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu30.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8934500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu30.inst          687                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          687                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu30.icache.demand_accesses::cpu30.inst          687                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu30.icache.demand_accesses::total          687                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu30.icache.overall_accesses::cpu30.inst          687                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu30.icache.overall_accesses::total          687                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu30.inst     0.112082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.112082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu30.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu30.inst     0.112082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu30.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.112082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu30.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu30.inst     0.112082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu30.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.112082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu30.inst 116032.467532                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116032.467532                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu30.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu30.inst 116032.467532                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu30.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 116032.467532                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu30.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu30.inst 116032.467532                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu30.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 116032.467532                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu30.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           69                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu30.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu30.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu30.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu30.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           69                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu30.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu30.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu30.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu30.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu30.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu30.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu30.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu30.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu30.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu30.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu30.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu30.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu30.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu30.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu30.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu30.inst           55                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu30.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           55                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.inst      7103750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7103750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.inst      7103750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7103750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.inst      7103750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7103750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu30.inst     0.080058                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.080058                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu30.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu30.inst     0.080058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu30.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.080058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu30.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu30.inst     0.080058                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu30.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.080058                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.inst 129159.090909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 129159.090909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.inst 129159.090909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 129159.090909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.inst 129159.090909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 129159.090909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu31.branchPred.lookups                  5402                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu31.branchPred.condPredicted            4962                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu31.branchPred.condIncorrect             111                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu31.branchPred.BTBLookups               5173                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu31.branchPred.BTBHits                  2618                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu31.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu31.branchPred.BTBHitPct           50.608931                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu31.branchPred.usedRAS                   148                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu31.branchPred.RASInCorrect                1                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu31.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu31.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu31.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu31.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu31.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu31.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu31.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu31.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu31.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu31.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu31.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu31.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu31.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu31.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu31.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu31.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu31.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu31.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu31.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu31.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu31.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu31.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu31.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu31.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu31.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu31.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu31.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu31.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu31.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu31.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu31.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu31.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu31.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu31.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu31.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu31.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu31.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu31.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu31.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu31.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu31.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu31.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu31.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu31.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu31.numCycles                          20382                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu31.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu31.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu31.fetch.icacheStallCycles             2664                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu31.fetch.Insts                        22574                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu31.fetch.Branches                      5402                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu31.fetch.predictedBranches             2766                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu31.fetch.Cycles                       10301                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu31.fetch.SquashCycles                   277                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu31.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu31.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles            1                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu31.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu31.fetch.CacheLines                     718                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu31.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  63                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu31.fetch.rateDist::samples            13111                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu31.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.849592                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu31.fetch.rateDist::stdev           3.267567                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu31.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu31.fetch.rateDist::0                   9688     73.89%     73.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu31.fetch.rateDist::1                    155      1.18%     75.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu31.fetch.rateDist::2                     37      0.28%     75.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu31.fetch.rateDist::3                    149      1.14%     76.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu31.fetch.rateDist::4                     92      0.70%     77.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu31.fetch.rateDist::5                    141      1.08%     78.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu31.fetch.rateDist::6                    108      0.82%     79.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu31.fetch.rateDist::7                     75      0.57%     79.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu31.fetch.rateDist::8                   2666     20.33%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu31.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu31.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu31.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu31.fetch.rateDist::total              13111                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu31.fetch.branchRate                0.265038                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu31.fetch.rate                      1.107546                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu31.decode.IdleCycles                   2404                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu31.decode.BlockedCycles                7625                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu31.decode.RunCycles                    1193                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu31.decode.UnblockCycles                1780                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu31.decode.SquashCycles                  108                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu31.decode.BranchResolved                204                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu31.decode.BranchMispred                  30                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu31.decode.DecodedInsts                22142                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu31.decode.SquashedInsts                 103                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu31.rename.SquashCycles                  108                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu31.rename.IdleCycles                   2628                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu31.rename.BlockCycles                  2012                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu31.rename.serializeStallCycles         4380                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu31.rename.RunCycles                    2729                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu31.rename.UnblockCycles                1253                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu31.rename.RenamedInsts                21534                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu31.rename.IQFullEvents                 1089                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu31.rename.LQFullEvents                    8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu31.rename.RenamedOperands             36722                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu31.rename.RenameLookups              104191                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu31.rename.int_rename_lookups          28693                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu31.rename.CommittedMaps               32494                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu31.rename.UndoneMaps                   4217                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu31.rename.serializingInsts               50                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu31.rename.tempSerializingInsts           50                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu31.rename.skidInsts                    3368                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu31.memDep0.insertedLoads               2965                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu31.memDep0.insertedStores               780                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu31.memDep0.conflictingLoads             255                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu31.memDep0.conflictingStores            284                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu31.iq.iqInstsAdded                    20950                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu31.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                75                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu31.iq.iqInstsIssued                   19477                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu31.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             263                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu31.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          2648                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu31.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined         8162                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu31.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           10                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu31.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        13111                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu31.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.485546                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu31.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      1.884357                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu31.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu31.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              7814     59.60%     59.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu31.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               366      2.79%     62.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu31.iq.issued_per_cycle::2               257      1.96%     64.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu31.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                99      0.76%     65.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu31.iq.issued_per_cycle::4              4575     34.89%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu31.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu31.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu31.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu31.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         13111                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               16060     82.46%     82.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.02%     82.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     82.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     82.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     82.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     82.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     82.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     82.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     82.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     82.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     82.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     82.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     82.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     82.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     82.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     82.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     82.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     82.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     82.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     82.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     82.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     82.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     82.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     82.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     82.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     82.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               2831     14.54%     97.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               583      2.99%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::total                19477                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.rate                         0.955598                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu31.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu31.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu31.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            52328                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu31.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           23682                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu31.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        19298                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu31.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu31.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu31.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu31.iq.int_alu_accesses                19477                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu31.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu31.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              8                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu31.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu31.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          399                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu31.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu31.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            9                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu31.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          309                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu31.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu31.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu31.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           30                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu31.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu31.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu31.iew.iewSquashCycles                  108                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu31.iew.iewBlockCycles                   271                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu31.iew.iewUnblockCycles                1734                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu31.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             21028                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu31.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              88                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu31.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                2965                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu31.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                780                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu31.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               36                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu31.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu31.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                1734                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu31.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            9                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu31.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           21                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu31.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           63                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu31.iew.branchMispredicts                 84                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu31.iew.iewExecutedInsts               19396                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu31.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                2818                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu31.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              81                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu31.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu31.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu31.iew.exec_refs                       3356                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu31.iew.exec_branches                   4501                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu31.iew.exec_stores                      538                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu31.iew.exec_rate                   0.951624                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu31.iew.wb_sent                        19335                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu31.iew.wb_count                       19298                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu31.iew.wb_producers                   13578                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu31.iew.wb_consumers                   27609                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu31.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu31.iew.wb_rate                     0.946816                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu31.iew.wb_fanout                   0.491796                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu31.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu31.commit.commitSquashedInsts          2586                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu31.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            65                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu31.commit.branchMispredicts              81                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu31.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        12731                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu31.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.443484                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu31.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.260180                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu31.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu31.commit.committed_per_cycle::0         8011     62.93%     62.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu31.commit.committed_per_cycle::1          865      6.79%     69.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu31.commit.committed_per_cycle::2          130      1.02%     70.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu31.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         1502     11.80%     82.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu31.commit.committed_per_cycle::4           61      0.48%     83.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu31.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         1499     11.77%     94.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu31.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          113      0.89%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu31.commit.committed_per_cycle::7           71      0.56%     96.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu31.commit.committed_per_cycle::8          479      3.76%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu31.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu31.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu31.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu31.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        12731                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu31.commit.committedInsts              17667                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu31.commit.committedOps                18377                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu31.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu31.commit.refs                         3037                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu31.commit.loads                        2566                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu31.commit.membars                        31                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu31.commit.branches                     4329                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu31.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu31.commit.int_insts                   14171                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu31.commit.function_calls                 77                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          15338     83.46%     83.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.01%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          2566     13.96%     97.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          471      2.56%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::total           18377                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.bw_lim_events                 479                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu31.rob.rob_reads                      32916                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu31.rob.rob_writes                     42371                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu31.timesIdled                            50                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu31.idleCycles                          7271                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu31.quiesceCycles                      79705                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu31.committedInsts                     17667                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu31.committedOps                       18377                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu31.cpi                             1.153676                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu31.cpi_total                       1.153676                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu31.ipc                             0.866794                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu31.ipc_total                       0.866794                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu31.int_regfile_reads                  25646                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu31.int_regfile_writes                  8400                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu31.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu31.cc_regfile_reads                   66468                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu31.cc_regfile_writes                  25433                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu31.misc_regfile_reads                  4458                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu31.misc_regfile_writes                   43                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu31.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu31.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           5.001553                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu31.dcache.tags.total_refs              3158                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu31.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              31                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu31.dcache.tags.avg_refs          101.870968                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu31.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu31.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu31.data     5.001553                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu31.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu31.data     0.004884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu31.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.004884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu31.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu31.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu31.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu31.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.030273                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu31.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            6528                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.tags.data_accesses           6528                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu31.data         2715                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          2715                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu31.data          437                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          437                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu31.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu31.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu31.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu31.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_hits::cpu31.data         3152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_hits::total           3152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_hits::cpu31.data         3154                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_hits::total          3154                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu31.data           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu31.data           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu31.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu31.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu31.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu31.data            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu31.data            8                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            8                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_misses::cpu31.data           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_misses::total           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_misses::cpu31.data           66                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_misses::total           66                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu31.data      6077750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6077750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu31.data      6282750                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6282750                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu31.data       562424                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       562424                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu31.data        37000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        37000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu31.data       167998                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       167998                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu31.data     12360500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     12360500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu31.data     12360500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     12360500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu31.data         2758                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2758                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu31.data          457                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          457                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu31.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu31.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu31.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu31.data           11                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           11                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu31.data            8                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            8                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu31.data         3215                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_accesses::total         3215                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu31.data         3220                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_accesses::total         3220                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu31.data     0.015591                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015591                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu31.data     0.043764                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.043764                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu31.data     0.600000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.600000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu31.data     0.818182                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.818182                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu31.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu31.data     0.019596                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019596                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu31.data     0.020497                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020497                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu31.data 141343.023256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 141343.023256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu31.data 314137.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 314137.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu31.data 62491.555556                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62491.555556                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu31.data         4625                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total         4625                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu31.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu31.data 196198.412698                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 196198.412698                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu31.data 187280.303030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 187280.303030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu31.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu31.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu31.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu31.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu31.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu31.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu31.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu31.data           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu31.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu31.data           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu31.data           26                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu31.data           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu31.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu31.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu31.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu31.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu31.data            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu31.data            8                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu31.data           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu31.data           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.data      2804500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2804500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.data      2005250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2005250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.data        18000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        18000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.data       526576                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       526576                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.data        28000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        28000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.data       152002                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       152002                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.data      4809750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4809750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.data      4827750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4827750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu31.data     0.010152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu31.data     0.019694                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019694                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu31.data     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu31.data     0.818182                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.818182                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu31.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu31.data     0.011509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu31.data     0.012112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.data 100160.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100160.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.data 222805.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 222805.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.data         9000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.data 58508.444444                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58508.444444                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.data         3500                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         3500                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.data 129993.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 129993.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.data 123788.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 123788.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu31.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu31.icache.tags.tagsinuse           7.577249                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu31.icache.tags.total_refs               649                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu31.icache.tags.sampled_refs              53                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu31.icache.tags.avg_refs           12.245283                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu31.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu31.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu31.inst     7.577249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu31.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu31.inst     0.014799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu31.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.014799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu31.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu31.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu31.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu31.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.103516                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu31.icache.tags.tag_accesses            1489                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu31.icache.tags.data_accesses           1489                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu31.inst          649                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           649                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu31.icache.demand_hits::cpu31.inst          649                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu31.icache.demand_hits::total            649                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu31.icache.overall_hits::cpu31.inst          649                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu31.icache.overall_hits::total           649                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu31.inst           69                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           69                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu31.icache.demand_misses::cpu31.inst           69                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu31.icache.demand_misses::total           69                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu31.icache.overall_misses::cpu31.inst           69                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu31.icache.overall_misses::total           69                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu31.inst      7486250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7486250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu31.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu31.inst      7486250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu31.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7486250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu31.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu31.inst      7486250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu31.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7486250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu31.inst          718                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          718                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu31.icache.demand_accesses::cpu31.inst          718                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu31.icache.demand_accesses::total          718                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu31.icache.overall_accesses::cpu31.inst          718                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu31.icache.overall_accesses::total          718                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu31.inst     0.096100                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.096100                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu31.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu31.inst     0.096100                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu31.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.096100                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu31.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu31.inst     0.096100                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu31.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.096100                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu31.inst 108496.376812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108496.376812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu31.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu31.inst 108496.376812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu31.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108496.376812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu31.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu31.inst 108496.376812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu31.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108496.376812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu31.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          148                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu31.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu31.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu31.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu31.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          148                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu31.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu31.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu31.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu31.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu31.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu31.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu31.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu31.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu31.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu31.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu31.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu31.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu31.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu31.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu31.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu31.inst           53                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu31.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.inst      6441000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6441000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.inst      6441000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6441000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.inst      6441000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6441000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu31.inst     0.073816                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.073816                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu31.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu31.inst     0.073816                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu31.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.073816                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu31.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu31.inst     0.073816                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu31.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.073816                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.inst 121528.301887                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121528.301887                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.inst 121528.301887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121528.301887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.inst 121528.301887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121528.301887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                3991                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3973                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate           17                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback                33                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               41                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             95                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             136                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq          145                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp          145                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               433                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              433                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu00.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1203                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          858                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu01.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          108                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu01.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          101                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu02.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          106                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu02.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           98                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu03.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu03.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           69                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu04.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu04.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           99                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu05.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu05.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           81                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu06.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu06.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           90                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu07.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          106                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu07.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           76                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu08.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          106                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu08.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           77                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu09.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu09.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           85                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu10.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          106                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu10.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           86                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu11.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu11.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           91                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu12.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu12.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           91                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu13.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          106                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu13.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu14.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          110                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu14.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu15.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu15.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           64                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu16.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu16.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          101                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu17.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          106                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu17.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           91                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu18.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          108                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu18.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           76                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu19.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          106                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu19.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           93                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu20.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          110                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu20.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           82                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu21.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu21.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           65                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu22.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           98                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu22.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           87                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu23.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          108                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu23.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           67                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu24.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          110                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu24.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           70                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu25.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          106                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu25.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           75                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu26.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          108                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu26.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           65                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu27.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          106                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu27.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           62                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu28.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          110                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu28.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           83                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu29.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          108                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu29.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           76                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu30.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          110                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu30.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           96                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu31.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          106                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu31.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           73                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   7919                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu00.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        38464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        27584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu01.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu01.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu02.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu02.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu03.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu03.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu04.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu04.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu05.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu05.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu06.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu06.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu07.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu07.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu08.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu08.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu09.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu09.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu10.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu10.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu11.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu11.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu12.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu12.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu13.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu13.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu14.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu14.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu15.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu15.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu16.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu16.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu17.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu17.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu18.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu18.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu19.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu19.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu20.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu20.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu21.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu21.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu22.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu22.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu23.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu23.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu24.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu24.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu25.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu25.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu26.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu26.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu27.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu27.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu28.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu28.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu29.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu29.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu30.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu30.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu31.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu31.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  204288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                             1523                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              5224                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                   63                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::5                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::6                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::7                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::8                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::9                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::10                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::11                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::12                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::13                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::14                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::15                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::16                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::17                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::18                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::19                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::20                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::21                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::22                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::23                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::24                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::25                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::26                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::27                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::28                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::29                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::30                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::31                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::32                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::33                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::34                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::35                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::36                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::37                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::38                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::39                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::40                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::41                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::42                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::43                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::44                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::45                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::46                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::47                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::48                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::49                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::50                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::51                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::52                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::53                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::54                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::55                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::56                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::57                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::58                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::59                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::60                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::61                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::62                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::63                   5224    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::64                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value              63                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value              63                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                5224                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             6161465                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization              12.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            3192250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy            2200988                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              4.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer5.occupancy             285250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer5.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer6.occupancy             417423                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer6.utilization              0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer9.occupancy             279750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer9.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer10.occupancy            410656                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer10.utilization             0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer13.occupancy            269250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer13.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer14.occupancy            258224                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer14.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer17.occupancy            272500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer17.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer18.occupancy            410685                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer18.utilization             0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer21.occupancy            275750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer21.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer22.occupancy            320217                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer22.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer25.occupancy            273000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer25.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer26.occupancy            355455                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer26.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer29.occupancy            282750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer29.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer30.occupancy            296460                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer30.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer33.occupancy            280750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer33.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer34.occupancy            297170                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer34.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer37.occupancy            274750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer37.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer38.occupancy            344402                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer38.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer41.occupancy            277750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer41.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer42.occupancy            348174                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer42.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer45.occupancy            273750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer45.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer46.occupancy            367154                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer46.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer49.occupancy            274250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer49.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer50.occupancy            361896                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer50.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer53.occupancy            278000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer53.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer54.occupancy            429193                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer54.utilization             0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer57.occupancy            285500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer57.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer58.occupancy            426910                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer58.utilization             0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer61.occupancy            267250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer61.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer62.occupancy            226492                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer62.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer65.occupancy            274000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer65.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer66.occupancy            426676                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer66.utilization             0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer69.occupancy            278000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer69.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer70.occupancy            372937                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer70.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer73.occupancy            285500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer73.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer74.occupancy            292931                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer74.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer77.occupancy            277250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer77.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer78.occupancy            382407                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer78.utilization             0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer81.occupancy            287750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer81.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer82.occupancy            325195                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer82.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer85.occupancy            273000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer85.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer86.occupancy            227240                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer86.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer89.occupancy            257000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer89.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer90.occupancy            354154                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer90.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer93.occupancy            284750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer93.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer94.occupancy            243731                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer94.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer97.occupancy            288500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer97.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer98.occupancy            256976                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer98.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer101.occupancy           280000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer101.utilization            0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer102.occupancy           291933                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer102.utilization            0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer105.occupancy           286250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer105.utilization            0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer106.occupancy           233484                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer106.utilization            0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer109.occupancy           280750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer109.utilization            0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer110.occupancy           218248                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer110.utilization            0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer113.occupancy           291250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer113.utilization            0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer114.occupancy           324171                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer114.utilization            0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer117.occupancy           284750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer117.utilization            0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer118.occupancy           292685                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer118.utilization            0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer121.occupancy           292750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer121.utilization            0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer122.occupancy           402343                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer122.utilization            0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer125.occupancy           278500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer125.utilization            0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer126.occupancy           267172                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer126.utilization            0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
