
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000051                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                    50861000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                   50861000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 161771                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   168416                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                9153400                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 885012                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     5.56                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      898876                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        935803                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.inst         38528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.data         25408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.inst          3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.data          1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.inst          3264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.data          1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.inst          3392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.data          1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.inst          3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.data          1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.inst          3520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.data          1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.inst          3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.data          1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.inst          3264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.data          1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.inst          3264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.data          1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.inst          3264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.data          1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.inst          3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.data          1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.inst          3264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.data          1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.inst          3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.data          1216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.inst          3520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.data          1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.inst          3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.data          1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.inst          3392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.data          1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu16.inst          3264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu16.data          1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu17.inst          3392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu17.data          1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu18.inst          3264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu18.data          1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu19.inst          3264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu19.data          1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu20.inst          3264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu20.data          1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu21.inst          3264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu21.data          1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu22.inst          3392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu22.data          1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu23.inst          3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu23.data          1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu24.inst          3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu24.data          1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu25.inst          3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu25.data          1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu26.inst          3392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu26.data          1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu27.inst          3520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu27.data          1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu28.inst          3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu28.data          1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu29.inst          3392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu29.data          1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu30.inst          3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu30.data           960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu31.inst          3392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu31.data          1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             201088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu00.inst        38528                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu01.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu02.inst         3264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu03.inst         3392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu04.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu05.inst         3520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu06.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu07.inst         3264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu08.inst         3264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu09.inst         3264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu10.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu11.inst         3264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu12.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu13.inst         3520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu14.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu15.inst         3392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu16.inst         3264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu17.inst         3392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu18.inst         3264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu19.inst         3264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu20.inst         3264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu21.inst         3264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu22.inst         3392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu23.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu24.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu25.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu26.inst         3392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu27.inst         3520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu28.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu29.inst         3392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu30.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu31.inst         3392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        142976                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks         2112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total            2112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.inst            602                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.data            397                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.inst             52                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.data             17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.inst             51                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.data             16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.inst             53                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.data             17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.inst             52                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.data             17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.inst             55                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.data             17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.inst             52                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.data             17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.inst             51                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.data             16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.inst             51                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.data             16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.inst             51                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.data             16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.inst             52                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.data             17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.inst             51                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.data             16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.inst             56                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.data             19                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.inst             55                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.data             17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.inst             52                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.data             17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.inst             53                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.data             17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu16.inst             51                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu16.data             16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu17.inst             53                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu17.data             17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu18.inst             51                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu18.data             16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu19.inst             51                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu19.data             16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu20.inst             51                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu20.data             16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu21.inst             51                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu21.data             16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu22.inst             53                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu22.data             16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu23.inst             54                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu23.data             17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu24.inst             52                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu24.data             16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu25.inst             54                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu25.data             16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu26.inst             53                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu26.data             16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu27.inst             55                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu27.data             16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu28.inst             56                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu28.data             17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu29.inst             53                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu29.data             16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu30.inst             54                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu30.data             15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu31.inst             53                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu31.data             17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                3142                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks            33                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                 33                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.inst        757515582                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.data        499557618                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.inst         65433240                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.data         21391636                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.inst         64174908                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.data         20133304                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.inst         66691571                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.data         21391636                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.inst         65433240                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.data         21391636                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.inst         69208234                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.data         21391636                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.inst         65433240                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.data         21391636                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.inst         64174908                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.data         20133304                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.inst         64174908                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.data         20133304                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.inst         64174908                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.data         20133304                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.inst         65433240                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.data         21391636                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.inst         64174908                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.data         20133304                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.inst         70466566                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.data         23908299                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.inst         69208234                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.data         21391636                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.inst         65433240                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.data         21391636                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.inst         66691571                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.data         21391636                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu16.inst         64174908                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu16.data         20133304                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu17.inst         66691571                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu17.data         21391636                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu18.inst         64174908                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu18.data         20133304                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu19.inst         64174908                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu19.data         20133304                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu20.inst         64174908                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu20.data         20133304                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu21.inst         64174908                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu21.data         20133304                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu22.inst         66691571                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu22.data         20133304                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu23.inst         67949903                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu23.data         21391636                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu24.inst         65433240                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu24.data         20133304                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu25.inst         67949903                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu25.data         20133304                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu26.inst         66691571                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu26.data         20133304                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu27.inst         69208234                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu27.data         20133304                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu28.inst         70466566                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu28.data         21391636                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu29.inst         66691571                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu29.data         20133304                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu30.inst         67949903                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu30.data         18874973                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu31.inst         66691571                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu31.data         21391636                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            3953677671                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu00.inst    757515582                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu01.inst     65433240                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu02.inst     64174908                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu03.inst     66691571                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu04.inst     65433240                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu05.inst     69208234                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu06.inst     65433240                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu07.inst     64174908                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu08.inst     64174908                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu09.inst     64174908                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu10.inst     65433240                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu11.inst     64174908                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu12.inst     70466566                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu13.inst     69208234                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu14.inst     65433240                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu15.inst     66691571                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu16.inst     64174908                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu17.inst     66691571                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu18.inst     64174908                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu19.inst     64174908                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu20.inst     64174908                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu21.inst     64174908                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu22.inst     66691571                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu23.inst     67949903                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu24.inst     65433240                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu25.inst     67949903                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu26.inst     66691571                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu27.inst     69208234                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu28.inst     70466566                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu29.inst     66691571                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu30.inst     67949903                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu31.inst     66691571                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total       2811112640                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        41524941                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             41524941                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        41524941                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.inst       757515582                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.data       499557618                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.inst        65433240                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.data        21391636                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.inst        64174908                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.data        20133304                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.inst        66691571                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.data        21391636                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.inst        65433240                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.data        21391636                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.inst        69208234                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.data        21391636                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.inst        65433240                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.data        21391636                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.inst        64174908                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.data        20133304                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.inst        64174908                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.data        20133304                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.inst        64174908                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.data        20133304                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.inst        65433240                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.data        21391636                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.inst        64174908                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.data        20133304                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.inst        70466566                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.data        23908299                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.inst        69208234                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.data        21391636                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.inst        65433240                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.data        21391636                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.inst        66691571                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.data        21391636                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu16.inst        64174908                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu16.data        20133304                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu17.inst        66691571                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu17.data        21391636                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu18.inst        64174908                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu18.data        20133304                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu19.inst        64174908                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu19.data        20133304                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu20.inst        64174908                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu20.data        20133304                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu21.inst        64174908                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu21.data        20133304                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu22.inst        66691571                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu22.data        20133304                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu23.inst        67949903                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu23.data        21391636                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu24.inst        65433240                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu24.data        20133304                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu25.inst        67949903                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu25.data        20133304                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu26.inst        66691571                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu26.data        20133304                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu27.inst        69208234                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu27.data        20133304                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu28.inst        70466566                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu28.data        21391636                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu29.inst        66691571                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu29.data        20133304                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu30.inst        67949903                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu30.data        18874973                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu31.inst        66691571                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu31.data        21391636                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           3995202611                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        3143                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                         33                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      3143                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                       33                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 199104                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    2048                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                    1024                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  201152                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                 2112                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     32                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           24                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              1099                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11               14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13               38                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14               40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                       497                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                      50854500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  3143                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                   33                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                     463                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     318                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     122                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      64                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      55                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                      73                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                     109                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                     115                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                     166                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                     180                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                    181                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                    162                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                    132                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                     94                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                    103                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                     65                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                     39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                     36                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                     21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                     12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                     20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                     12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                    509                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples          675                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    293.167407                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   152.450961                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   354.458956                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127          360     53.33%     53.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          107     15.85%     69.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           33      4.89%     74.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           20      2.96%     77.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           17      2.52%     79.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           18      2.67%     82.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           10      1.48%     83.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           12      1.78%     85.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           98     14.52%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total          675                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean           3092                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   3092.000000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev           nan                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3199            1    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total             1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev           nan                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16                1    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total             1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    216340250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               274671500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   15555000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     69540.42                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                88290.42                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                      3914.67                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        20.13                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                   3954.94                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     41.52                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        30.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                    30.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       6.44                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       9.92                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     2439                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       2                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 78.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                 6.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      16012.12                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    77.64                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                  4528440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  2470875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                21496800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy              3051360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy             31918005                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy               192750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy               63658230                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower           1354.862829                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE       169500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF       1560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT      45268250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                   226800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                   123750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                 1560000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy              3051360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy             30222540                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy              1675500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy               36859950                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            784.629876                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      2771250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF       1560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT      42832750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu00.branchPred.lookups                 10796                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu00.branchPred.condPredicted            7995                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu00.branchPred.condIncorrect             981                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu00.branchPred.BTBLookups               7417                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu00.branchPred.BTBHits                  3631                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu00.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu00.branchPred.BTBHitPct           48.955103                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu00.branchPred.usedRAS                  1138                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu00.branchPred.RASInCorrect               12                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls               1086                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu00.numCycles                         101723                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.fetch.icacheStallCycles            20009                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu00.fetch.Insts                        53930                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu00.fetch.Branches                     10796                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu00.fetch.predictedBranches             4769                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu00.fetch.Cycles                       43230                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu00.fetch.SquashCycles                  2167                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu00.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            4                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu00.fetch.CacheLines                    6582                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu00.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 600                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::samples            64326                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::mean            0.984547                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::stdev           2.418219                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::0                  53409     83.03%     83.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::1                    930      1.45%     84.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::2                   1019      1.58%     86.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::3                    828      1.29%     87.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::4                    676      1.05%     88.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::5                    693      1.08%     89.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::6                    712      1.11%     90.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::7                   1033      1.61%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::8                   5026      7.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::total              64326                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.branchRate                0.106131                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu00.fetch.rate                      0.530165                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu00.decode.IdleCycles                  15558                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu00.decode.BlockedCycles               39310                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu00.decode.RunCycles                    7099                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu00.decode.UnblockCycles                1579                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu00.decode.SquashCycles                  780                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu00.decode.BranchResolved               1222                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu00.decode.BranchMispred                 312                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu00.decode.DecodedInsts                53205                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu00.decode.SquashedInsts                1185                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu00.rename.SquashCycles                  780                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu00.rename.IdleCycles                  16539                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu00.rename.BlockCycles                  2973                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu00.rename.serializeStallCycles        25660                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu00.rename.RunCycles                    7664                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu00.rename.UnblockCycles               10710                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu00.rename.RenamedInsts                50759                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu00.rename.ROBFullEvents                  10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu00.rename.IQFullEvents                 2650                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu00.rename.LQFullEvents                 1429                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu00.rename.SQFullEvents                 6462                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu00.rename.RenamedOperands             57610                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu00.rename.RenameLookups              235925                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu00.rename.int_rename_lookups          60280                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu00.rename.fp_rename_lookups              22                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu00.rename.CommittedMaps               34868                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu00.rename.UndoneMaps                  22742                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu00.rename.serializingInsts              208                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          206                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu00.rename.skidInsts                    7723                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu00.memDep0.insertedLoads               8262                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu00.memDep0.insertedStores              7419                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu00.memDep0.conflictingLoads             568                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu00.memDep0.conflictingStores            455                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu00.iq.iqInstsAdded                    47674                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               354                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu00.iq.iqInstsIssued                   35071                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            2216                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         17664                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        62384                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           97                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        64326                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       0.545207                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      0.866459                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0             45426     70.62%     70.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              2729      4.24%     74.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             16171     25.14%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            2                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         64326                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               22942     65.42%     65.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                139      0.40%     65.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     65.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     65.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     65.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     65.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     65.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     65.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     65.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     65.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     65.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     65.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     65.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     65.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     65.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     65.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     65.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     65.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     65.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     65.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     65.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     65.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     65.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     65.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     65.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            3      0.01%     65.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     65.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     65.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               6129     17.48%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              5858     16.70%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::total                35071                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.rate                         0.344770                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu00.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu00.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           136628                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           65693                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        33910                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                56                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes               28                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu00.iq.int_alu_accesses                35043                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.iq.fp_alu_accesses                    28                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads             92                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         3551                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           29                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1934                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           31                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           55                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu00.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu00.iew.iewSquashCycles                  780                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu00.iew.iewBlockCycles                  2472                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu00.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 235                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             48037                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              94                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                8262                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               7419                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              193                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu00.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   14                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 209                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           29                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          121                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect          595                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu00.iew.branchMispredicts                716                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu00.iew.iewExecutedInsts               34597                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                5925                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             474                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu00.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu00.iew.exec_nop                           9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu00.iew.exec_refs                      11662                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu00.iew.exec_branches                   5539                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu00.iew.exec_stores                     5737                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu00.iew.exec_rate                   0.340110                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu00.iew.wb_sent                        34166                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu00.iew.wb_count                       33938                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu00.iew.wb_producers                   18981                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu00.iew.wb_consumers                   41287                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu00.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu00.iew.wb_rate                     0.333632                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu00.iew.wb_fanout                   0.459733                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu00.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu00.commit.commitSquashedInsts         17677                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           257                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu00.commit.branchMispredicts             678                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        61603                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.492898                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.178975                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        47869     77.71%     77.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         5464      8.87%     86.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         4878      7.92%     94.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         1341      2.18%     96.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          511      0.83%     97.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5          807      1.31%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          307      0.50%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          208      0.34%     99.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8          218      0.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        61603                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committedInsts              25336                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.commit.committedOps                30364                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu00.commit.refs                        10196                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu00.commit.loads                        4711                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu00.commit.membars                       118                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu00.commit.branches                     4855                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu00.commit.fp_insts                       28                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu00.commit.int_insts                   26259                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu00.commit.function_calls                416                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          20030     65.97%     65.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           135      0.44%     66.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     66.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     66.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     66.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     66.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     66.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     66.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     66.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     66.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     66.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     66.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            3      0.01%     66.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          4711     15.52%     81.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         5485     18.06%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::total           30364                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.bw_lim_events                 218                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu00.rob.rob_reads                     108385                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu00.rob.rob_writes                     98814                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu00.timesIdled                           397                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu00.idleCycles                         37397                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu00.committedInsts                     25336                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu00.committedOps                       30364                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu00.cpi                             4.014959                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu00.cpi_total                       4.014959                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu00.ipc                             0.249069                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu00.ipc_total                       0.249069                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu00.int_regfile_reads                  41284                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu00.int_regfile_writes                 19085                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu00.fp_regfile_reads                    4982                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu00.fp_regfile_writes                      6                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu00.cc_regfile_reads                  120427                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu00.cc_regfile_writes                  19895                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu00.misc_regfile_reads                 13684                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu00.misc_regfile_writes                  127                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.replacements              43                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         201.534346                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.total_refs              8719                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             360                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.avg_refs           24.219444                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   201.534346                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.196811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.196811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          317                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          284                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.309570                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           22526                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.data_accesses          22526                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.data         5342                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          5342                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu00.data         3263                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         3263                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu00.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu00.data           53                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           53                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu00.data           51                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           51                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::cpu00.data         8605                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total           8605                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::cpu00.data         8608                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total          8608                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.data          270                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          270                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu00.data         2068                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2068                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu00.data            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu00.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::cpu00.data         2338                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         2338                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::cpu00.data         2338                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         2338                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu00.data     19255493                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     19255493                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu00.data    157002721                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    157002721                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu00.data       179251                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       179251                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu00.data        37498                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        37498                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu00.data        39500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        39500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu00.data    176258214                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    176258214                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu00.data    176258214                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    176258214                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.data         5612                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5612                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu00.data         5331                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         5331                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu00.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu00.data           58                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           58                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu00.data           56                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           56                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu00.data        10943                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total        10943                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu00.data        10946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total        10946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.048111                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.048111                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.387920                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.387920                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.086207                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.086207                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.089286                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.089286                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.213653                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.213653                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.213594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.213594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu00.data 71316.640741                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71316.640741                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu00.data 75920.077853                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75920.077853                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu00.data 35850.200000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35850.200000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu00.data  7499.600000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7499.600000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu00.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu00.data 75388.457656                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75388.457656                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu00.data 75388.457656                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75388.457656                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          457                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              15                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    30.466667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets            5                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           33                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total              33                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu00.data          114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu00.data         1817                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1817                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu00.data         1931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu00.data         1931                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1931                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu00.data          156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu00.data          251                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          251                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu00.data            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu00.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu00.data          407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu00.data          407                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          407                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.data     12176501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12176501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.data     22326253                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22326253                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.data       163249                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       163249                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.data        25502                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        25502                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.data        33000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        33000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.data     34502754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     34502754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.data     34502754                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     34502754                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.027798                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027798                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.047083                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047083                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.086207                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.086207                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.089286                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.089286                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.037193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.037183                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037183                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.data 78054.493590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78054.493590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.data 88949.215139                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88949.215139                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.data 32649.800000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32649.800000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.data  5100.400000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5100.400000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.data 84773.351351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84773.351351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.data 84773.351351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84773.351351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.icache.tags.replacements             223                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tags.tagsinuse         272.481107                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.tags.total_refs              5809                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.sampled_refs             602                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.avg_refs            9.649502                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   272.481107                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.532190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.532190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          379                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          297                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.740234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.tag_accesses           13766                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu00.icache.tags.data_accesses          13766                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.inst         5809                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          5809                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::cpu00.inst         5809                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total           5809                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::cpu00.inst         5809                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total          5809                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.inst          773                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          773                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::cpu00.inst          773                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total          773                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::cpu00.inst          773                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total          773                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu00.inst     47439750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     47439750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu00.inst     47439750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     47439750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu00.inst     47439750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     47439750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.inst         6582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::cpu00.inst         6582                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total         6582                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::cpu00.inst         6582                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total         6582                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.117442                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.117442                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.117442                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.117442                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.117442                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.117442                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu00.inst 61370.957309                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61370.957309                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu00.inst 61370.957309                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61370.957309                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu00.inst 61370.957309                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61370.957309                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          130                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           65                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu00.inst          170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu00.inst          170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu00.inst          170                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          170                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu00.inst          603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu00.inst          603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu00.inst          603                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          603                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.inst     36748750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36748750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.inst     36748750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     36748750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.inst     36748750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     36748750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.091613                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091613                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.091613                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091613                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.091613                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091613                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.inst 60943.200663                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60943.200663                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.inst 60943.200663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60943.200663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.inst 60943.200663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60943.200663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.branchPred.lookups                 14664                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu01.branchPred.condPredicted           13872                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu01.branchPred.condIncorrect             168                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu01.branchPred.BTBLookups              12129                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu01.branchPred.BTBHits                  7383                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu01.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu01.branchPred.BTBHitPct           60.870641                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu01.branchPred.usedRAS                   354                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu01.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                          41367                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.fetch.icacheStallCycles             3666                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu01.fetch.Insts                        60532                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu01.fetch.Branches                     14664                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu01.fetch.predictedBranches             7737                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu01.fetch.Cycles                       29827                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu01.fetch.SquashCycles                   465                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu01.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu01.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           30                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu01.fetch.CacheLines                    1427                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu01.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  73                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::samples            33765                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.888109                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::stdev           3.304329                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::0                  24894     73.73%     73.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::1                    335      0.99%     74.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::2                    103      0.31%     75.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::3                    345      1.02%     76.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::4                    258      0.76%     76.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::5                    318      0.94%     77.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::6                    229      0.68%     78.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::7                     84      0.25%     78.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::8                   7199     21.32%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::total              33765                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.branchRate                0.354485                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu01.fetch.rate                      1.463292                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu01.decode.IdleCycles                   3974                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu01.decode.BlockedCycles               21731                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu01.decode.RunCycles                    1881                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu01.decode.UnblockCycles                5975                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu01.decode.SquashCycles                  204                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu01.decode.BranchResolved                366                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu01.decode.BranchMispred                  29                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu01.decode.DecodedInsts                59052                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu01.decode.SquashedInsts                  96                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu01.rename.SquashCycles                  204                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu01.rename.IdleCycles                   6108                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu01.rename.BlockCycles                   705                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu01.rename.serializeStallCycles         5185                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu01.rename.RunCycles                    5659                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu01.rename.UnblockCycles               15904                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu01.rename.RenamedInsts                58130                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu01.rename.IQFullEvents                15707                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu01.rename.LQFullEvents                   67                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu01.rename.RenamedOperands            101945                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu01.rename.RenameLookups              281831                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu01.rename.int_rename_lookups          78112                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu01.rename.CommittedMaps               92274                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu01.rename.UndoneMaps                   9663                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu01.rename.serializingInsts               96                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu01.rename.tempSerializingInsts           94                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu01.rename.skidInsts                   29061                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu01.memDep0.insertedLoads               8066                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu01.memDep0.insertedStores              1567                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu01.memDep0.conflictingLoads             632                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu01.memDep0.conflictingStores            321                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu01.iq.iqInstsAdded                    57349                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               160                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu01.iq.iqInstsIssued                   52963                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             727                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          5715                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        22916                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        33765                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.568577                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      0.812080                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              6992     20.71%     20.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               583      1.73%     22.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             26190     77.57%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            2                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         33765                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               44178     83.41%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 52      0.10%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               7538     14.23%     97.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              1195      2.26%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::total                52963                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.rate                         1.280320                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu01.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu01.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           140416                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           63232                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        52684                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu01.iq.int_alu_accesses                52963                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads             12                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          859                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          430                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            5                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            5                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu01.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu01.iew.iewSquashCycles                  204                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu01.iew.iewBlockCycles                   615                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu01.iew.iewUnblockCycles                  25                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             57512                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              32                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                8066                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               1567                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               83                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu01.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    4                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                  21                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           68                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           81                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu01.iew.branchMispredicts                149                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu01.iew.iewExecutedInsts               52841                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                7456                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             120                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu01.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu01.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu01.iew.exec_refs                       8640                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu01.iew.exec_branches                  12407                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu01.iew.exec_stores                     1184                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu01.iew.exec_rate                   1.277371                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu01.iew.wb_sent                        52760                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu01.iew.wb_count                       52684                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu01.iew.wb_producers                   37869                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu01.iew.wb_consumers                   76465                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu01.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu01.iew.wb_rate                     1.273576                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu01.iew.wb_fanout                   0.495246                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu01.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu01.commit.commitSquashedInsts          5655                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           144                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu01.commit.branchMispredicts             140                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        32959                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.571468                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.705620                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0         9611     29.16%     29.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        12507     37.95%     67.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         2847      8.64%     75.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         3671     11.14%     86.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4           87      0.26%     87.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3738     11.34%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          127      0.39%     98.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          188      0.57%     99.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8          183      0.56%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        32959                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committedInsts              50044                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.commit.committedOps                51794                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu01.commit.refs                         8344                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu01.commit.loads                        7207                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu01.commit.membars                        67                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu01.commit.branches                    12262                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu01.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu01.commit.int_insts                   39835                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu01.commit.function_calls                185                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          43399     83.79%     83.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            51      0.10%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          7207     13.91%     97.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         1137      2.20%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::total           51794                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.bw_lim_events                 183                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu01.rob.rob_reads                      89484                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu01.rob.rob_writes                    115769                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu01.timesIdled                            47                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu01.idleCycles                          7602                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu01.quiesceCycles                      60355                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu01.committedInsts                     50044                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu01.committedOps                       51794                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu01.cpi                             0.826613                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu01.cpi_total                       0.826613                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu01.ipc                             1.209757                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu01.ipc_total                       1.209757                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu01.int_regfile_reads                  70677                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu01.int_regfile_writes                 22125                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu01.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu01.cc_regfile_reads                  180678                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu01.cc_regfile_writes                  71580                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu01.misc_regfile_reads                  9898                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu01.misc_regfile_writes                   84                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           8.772920                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.total_refs              8367                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              28                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.avg_refs          298.821429                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.data     8.772920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.008567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.008567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.027344                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           17153                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.data_accesses          17153                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.data         7287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          7287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu01.data         1087                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         1087                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu01.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu01.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::cpu01.data         8374                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total           8374                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::cpu01.data         8376                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total          8376                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.data          113                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          113                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu01.data           27                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           27                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu01.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu01.data           19                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           19                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu01.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            6                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::cpu01.data          140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total          140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::cpu01.data          141                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total          141                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu01.data     10970189                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10970189                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu01.data      3819250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3819250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu01.data       858477                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       858477                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu01.data        47500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        47500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu01.data       114500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       114500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu01.data     14789439                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     14789439                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu01.data     14789439                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     14789439                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.data         7400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu01.data         1114                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1114                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu01.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu01.data           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu01.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            6                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu01.data         8514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total         8514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu01.data         8517                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total         8517                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.015270                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015270                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.024237                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.024237                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.863636                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.863636                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.016444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.016555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu01.data 97081.318584                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97081.318584                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu01.data 141453.703704                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 141453.703704                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu01.data        45183                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        45183                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu01.data  7916.666667                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7916.666667                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu01.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu01.data 105638.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105638.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu01.data 104889.638298                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104889.638298                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           19                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           19                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu01.data           80                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           80                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu01.data           19                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu01.data           99                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           99                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu01.data           99                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           99                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu01.data           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu01.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu01.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu01.data           19                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           19                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu01.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu01.data           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu01.data           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.data      3453256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3453256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.data      1140750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1140750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.data         9000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.data       791023                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       791023                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.data        38500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        38500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.data       105500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       105500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.data      4594006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4594006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.data      4603006                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4603006                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.004459                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004459                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.007181                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007181                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.863636                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.863636                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu01.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.004816                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004816                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.004931                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004931                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.data 104644.121212                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104644.121212                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.data 142593.750000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 142593.750000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.data         9000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.data 41632.789474                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41632.789474                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.data  6416.666667                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6416.666667                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.data 112048.926829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112048.926829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.data 109595.380952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109595.380952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tags.tagsinuse          15.720273                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.tags.total_refs              1340                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.sampled_refs              52                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.avg_refs           25.769231                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst    15.720273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.030704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.030704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.101562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.tag_accesses            2906                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu01.icache.tags.data_accesses           2906                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.inst         1340                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          1340                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::cpu01.inst         1340                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total           1340                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::cpu01.inst         1340                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total          1340                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.inst           87                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           87                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::cpu01.inst           87                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           87                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::cpu01.inst           87                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           87                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu01.inst     10505750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10505750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu01.inst     10505750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10505750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu01.inst     10505750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10505750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.inst         1427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::cpu01.inst         1427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total         1427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::cpu01.inst         1427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total         1427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.060967                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.060967                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.060967                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.060967                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.060967                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.060967                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu01.inst 120755.747126                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120755.747126                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu01.inst 120755.747126                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120755.747126                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu01.inst 120755.747126                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120755.747126                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          192                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           96                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu01.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu01.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu01.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu01.inst           52                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.inst      6955250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6955250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.inst      6955250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6955250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.inst      6955250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6955250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.036440                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036440                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.036440                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036440                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.036440                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036440                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.inst 133754.807692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 133754.807692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.inst 133754.807692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 133754.807692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.inst 133754.807692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 133754.807692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.branchPred.lookups                 13127                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu02.branchPred.condPredicted           12352                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu02.branchPred.condIncorrect             171                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu02.branchPred.BTBLookups              11208                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu02.branchPred.BTBHits                  6590                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu02.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu02.branchPred.BTBHitPct           58.797288                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu02.branchPred.usedRAS                   339                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu02.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                          40850                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.fetch.icacheStallCycles             3012                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu02.fetch.Insts                        54640                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu02.fetch.Branches                     13127                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu02.fetch.predictedBranches             6929                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu02.fetch.Cycles                       29635                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu02.fetch.SquashCycles                   457                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu02.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu02.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu02.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu02.fetch.CacheLines                    1416                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu02.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  63                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::samples            32897                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.754476                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::stdev           3.215196                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::0                  24811     75.42%     75.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::1                    323      0.98%     76.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::2                    100      0.30%     76.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::3                    326      0.99%     77.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::4                    234      0.71%     78.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::5                    344      1.05%     79.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::6                    214      0.65%     80.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::7                     84      0.26%     80.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::8                   6461     19.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::total              32897                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.branchRate                0.321346                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu02.fetch.rate                      1.337576                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu02.decode.IdleCycles                   3667                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu02.decode.BlockedCycles               21925                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu02.decode.RunCycles                    1809                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu02.decode.UnblockCycles                5295                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu02.decode.SquashCycles                  201                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu02.decode.BranchResolved                358                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu02.decode.BranchMispred                  28                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu02.decode.DecodedInsts                53229                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu02.decode.SquashedInsts                 101                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu02.rename.SquashCycles                  201                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu02.rename.IdleCycles                   5568                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu02.rename.BlockCycles                   836                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu02.rename.serializeStallCycles         7145                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu02.rename.RunCycles                    5149                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu02.rename.UnblockCycles               13998                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu02.rename.RenamedInsts                52330                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu02.rename.ROBFullEvents                   3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu02.rename.IQFullEvents                13850                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu02.rename.LQFullEvents                    8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu02.rename.RenamedOperands             91057                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu02.rename.RenameLookups              253604                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu02.rename.int_rename_lookups          70184                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu02.rename.CommittedMaps               81585                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu02.rename.UndoneMaps                   9464                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu02.rename.serializingInsts              111                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          113                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu02.rename.skidInsts                   25851                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu02.memDep0.insertedLoads               7310                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu02.memDep0.insertedStores              1488                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu02.memDep0.conflictingLoads             560                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu02.memDep0.conflictingStores            271                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu02.iq.iqInstsAdded                    51399                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               183                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu02.iq.iqInstsIssued                   47113                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             759                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          5702                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        22472                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           39                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        32897                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.432137                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      0.891533                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              9037     27.47%     27.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               607      1.85%     29.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             23253     70.68%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            2                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         32897                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               39193     83.19%     83.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 52      0.11%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               6767     14.36%     97.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              1101      2.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::total                47113                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.rate                         1.153317                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu02.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu02.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           127880                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           57290                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        46815                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu02.iq.int_alu_accesses                47113                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              9                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          906                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            6                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          447                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            5                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           22                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu02.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu02.iew.iewSquashCycles                  201                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu02.iew.iewBlockCycles                   599                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu02.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 180                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             51585                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              80                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                7310                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               1488                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               95                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu02.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    1                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 179                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            6                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           63                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           92                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu02.iew.branchMispredicts                155                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu02.iew.iewExecutedInsts               46991                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                6690                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             120                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu02.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu02.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu02.iew.exec_refs                       7778                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu02.iew.exec_branches                  10994                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu02.iew.exec_stores                     1088                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu02.iew.exec_rate                   1.150330                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu02.iew.wb_sent                        46890                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu02.iew.wb_count                       46815                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu02.iew.wb_producers                   33589                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu02.iew.wb_consumers                   67754                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu02.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu02.iew.wb_rate                     1.146022                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu02.iew.wb_fanout                   0.495749                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu02.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu02.commit.commitSquashedInsts          5641                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           144                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu02.commit.branchMispredicts             144                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        32097                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.429417                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.690212                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        11415     35.56%     35.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        11085     34.54%     70.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         2542      7.92%     78.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         3234     10.08%     88.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4           52      0.16%     88.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3317     10.33%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          115      0.36%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          170      0.53%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8          167      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        32097                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committedInsts              44304                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.commit.committedOps                45880                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu02.commit.refs                         7445                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu02.commit.loads                        6404                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu02.commit.membars                        61                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu02.commit.branches                    10842                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu02.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu02.commit.int_insts                   35311                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu02.commit.function_calls                167                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          38384     83.66%     83.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            51      0.11%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          6404     13.96%     97.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         1041      2.27%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::total           45880                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.bw_lim_events                 167                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu02.rob.rob_reads                      82788                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu02.rob.rob_writes                    103907                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu02.timesIdled                            41                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu02.idleCycles                          7953                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu02.quiesceCycles                      60872                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu02.committedInsts                     44304                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu02.committedOps                       45880                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu02.cpi                             0.922039                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu02.cpi_total                       0.922039                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu02.ipc                             1.084553                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu02.ipc_total                       1.084553                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu02.int_regfile_reads                  62774                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu02.int_regfile_writes                 19762                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu02.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu02.cc_regfile_reads                  160803                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu02.cc_regfile_writes                  63321                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu02.misc_regfile_reads                  8959                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu02.misc_regfile_writes                  135                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           8.892431                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.total_refs              7497                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              31                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.avg_refs          241.838710                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.data     8.892431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.008684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.008684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.030273                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           15407                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.data_accesses          15407                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.data         6515                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          6515                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu02.data          981                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          981                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu02.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::cpu02.data         7496                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total           7496                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::cpu02.data         7498                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total          7498                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.data           93                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           93                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu02.data           25                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           25                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu02.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu02.data           34                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           34                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu02.data           11                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           11                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::cpu02.data          118                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total          118                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::cpu02.data          119                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total          119                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu02.data      9352499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9352499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu02.data      4411750                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4411750                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu02.data      1305893                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1305893                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu02.data        38500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        38500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu02.data       426000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       426000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu02.data     13764249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     13764249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu02.data     13764249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     13764249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.data         6608                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6608                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu02.data         1006                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1006                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu02.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu02.data           34                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           34                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu02.data           11                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           11                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu02.data         7614                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total         7614                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu02.data         7617                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total         7617                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.014074                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014074                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.024851                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.024851                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.015498                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015498                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.015623                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015623                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu02.data 100564.505376                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100564.505376                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu02.data       176470                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total       176470                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu02.data 38408.617647                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38408.617647                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu02.data         3500                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total         3500                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu02.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu02.data 116646.177966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 116646.177966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu02.data 115665.957983                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115665.957983                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           80                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           40                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu02.data           62                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           62                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu02.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu02.data           77                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           77                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu02.data           77                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           77                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu02.data           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu02.data           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu02.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu02.data           34                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu02.data           11                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu02.data           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu02.data           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.data      3583501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3583501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.data      1405000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1405000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.data         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.data      1186607                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1186607                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.data        29500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        29500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.data       402000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       402000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.data      4988501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4988501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.data      4998001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4998001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.004691                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004691                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.009940                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009940                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu02.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu02.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.005385                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005385                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.005514                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005514                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.data 115596.806452                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115596.806452                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.data       140500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       140500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.data         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.data 34900.205882                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34900.205882                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.data  2681.818182                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  2681.818182                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.data 121670.756098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121670.756098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.data 119000.023810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119000.023810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tags.tagsinuse          14.728712                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.tags.total_refs              1343                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.sampled_refs              51                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.avg_refs           26.333333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst    14.728712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.028767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.028767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.099609                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.tag_accesses            2883                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu02.icache.tags.data_accesses           2883                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.inst         1343                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          1343                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::cpu02.inst         1343                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total           1343                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::cpu02.inst         1343                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total          1343                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.inst           73                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           73                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::cpu02.inst           73                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           73                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::cpu02.inst           73                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           73                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu02.inst      9786000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9786000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu02.inst      9786000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9786000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu02.inst      9786000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9786000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.inst         1416                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1416                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::cpu02.inst         1416                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total         1416                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::cpu02.inst         1416                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total         1416                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.051554                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.051554                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.051554                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.051554                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.051554                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.051554                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu02.inst 134054.794521                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 134054.794521                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu02.inst 134054.794521                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 134054.794521                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu02.inst 134054.794521                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 134054.794521                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          168                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          168                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu02.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu02.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu02.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu02.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu02.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu02.inst           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.inst      7513000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7513000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.inst      7513000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7513000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.inst      7513000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7513000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.036017                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036017                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.036017                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036017                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.036017                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036017                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.inst 147313.725490                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 147313.725490                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.inst 147313.725490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 147313.725490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.inst 147313.725490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 147313.725490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.branchPred.lookups                 12951                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu03.branchPred.condPredicted           12191                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu03.branchPred.condIncorrect             170                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu03.branchPred.BTBLookups              11020                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu03.branchPred.BTBHits                  6487                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu03.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu03.branchPred.BTBHitPct           58.865699                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu03.branchPred.usedRAS                   336                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu03.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                          40527                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.fetch.icacheStallCycles             3265                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu03.fetch.Insts                        53897                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu03.fetch.Branches                     12951                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu03.fetch.predictedBranches             6823                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu03.fetch.Cycles                       28990                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu03.fetch.SquashCycles                   453                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu03.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu03.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu03.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           30                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu03.fetch.CacheLines                    1396                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu03.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  70                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::samples            32521                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.749946                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::stdev           3.213204                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::0                  24553     75.50%     75.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::1                    320      0.98%     76.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::2                    102      0.31%     76.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::3                    315      0.97%     77.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::4                    221      0.68%     78.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::5                    339      1.04%     79.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::6                    210      0.65%     80.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::7                     86      0.26%     80.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::8                   6375     19.60%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::total              32521                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.branchRate                0.319565                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu03.fetch.rate                      1.329904                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu03.decode.IdleCycles                   3709                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu03.decode.BlockedCycles               21615                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu03.decode.RunCycles                    1770                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu03.decode.UnblockCycles                5229                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu03.decode.SquashCycles                  198                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu03.decode.BranchResolved                343                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu03.decode.BranchMispred                  28                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu03.decode.DecodedInsts                52485                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu03.decode.SquashedInsts                 101                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu03.rename.SquashCycles                  198                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu03.rename.IdleCycles                   5587                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu03.rename.BlockCycles                   666                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu03.rename.serializeStallCycles         7177                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu03.rename.RunCycles                    5068                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu03.rename.UnblockCycles               13825                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu03.rename.RenamedInsts                51587                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu03.rename.ROBFullEvents                   3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu03.rename.IQFullEvents                13681                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu03.rename.LQFullEvents                    8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu03.rename.RenamedOperands             89839                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu03.rename.RenameLookups              250022                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu03.rename.int_rename_lookups          69214                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu03.rename.CommittedMaps               80691                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu03.rename.UndoneMaps                   9147                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu03.rename.serializingInsts              106                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          109                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu03.rename.skidInsts                   25475                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu03.memDep0.insertedLoads               7209                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu03.memDep0.insertedStores              1435                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu03.memDep0.conflictingLoads             538                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu03.memDep0.conflictingStores            261                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu03.iq.iqInstsAdded                    50666                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               182                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu03.iq.iqInstsIssued                   46554                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             731                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          5485                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        21631                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           39                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        32521                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.431506                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      0.891702                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              8940     27.49%     27.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               608      1.87%     29.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             22973     70.64%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            2                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         32521                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               38730     83.19%     83.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 52      0.11%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               6686     14.36%     97.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              1086      2.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::total                46554                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.rate                         1.148716                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu03.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu03.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           126358                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           56339                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        46250                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu03.iq.int_alu_accesses                46554                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              8                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          881                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            6                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          411                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            4                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           30                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu03.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu03.iew.iewSquashCycles                  198                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu03.iew.iewBlockCycles                   577                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu03.iew.iewUnblockCycles                  20                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             50851                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              80                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                7209                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               1435                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               96                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu03.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    1                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                  19                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            6                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           61                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           90                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu03.iew.branchMispredicts                151                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu03.iew.iewExecutedInsts               46428                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                6613                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             124                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu03.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu03.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu03.iew.exec_refs                       7685                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu03.iew.exec_branches                  10863                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu03.iew.exec_stores                     1072                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu03.iew.exec_rate                   1.145607                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu03.iew.wb_sent                        46321                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu03.iew.wb_count                       46250                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu03.iew.wb_producers                   33184                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu03.iew.wb_consumers                   66912                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu03.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu03.iew.wb_rate                     1.141214                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu03.iew.wb_fanout                   0.495935                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu03.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu03.commit.commitSquashedInsts          5424                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           143                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu03.commit.branchMispredicts             142                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        31747                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.428891                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.688718                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        11276     35.52%     35.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        10983     34.60%     70.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         2510      7.91%     78.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         3197     10.07%     88.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4           90      0.28%     88.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3241     10.21%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          115      0.36%     98.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          166      0.52%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8          169      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        31747                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committedInsts              43816                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.commit.committedOps                45363                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu03.commit.refs                         7352                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu03.commit.loads                        6328                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu03.commit.membars                        60                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu03.commit.branches                    10723                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu03.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu03.commit.int_insts                   34908                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu03.commit.function_calls                164                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          37960     83.68%     83.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            51      0.11%     83.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     83.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     83.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     83.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     83.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     83.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     83.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     83.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     83.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          6328     13.95%     97.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         1024      2.26%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::total           45363                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.bw_lim_events                 169                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu03.rob.rob_reads                      81715                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu03.rob.rob_writes                    102413                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu03.timesIdled                            43                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu03.idleCycles                          8006                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu03.quiesceCycles                      61195                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu03.committedInsts                     43816                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu03.committedOps                       45363                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu03.cpi                             0.924936                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu03.cpi_total                       0.924936                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu03.ipc                             1.081156                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu03.ipc_total                       1.081156                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu03.int_regfile_reads                  62026                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu03.int_regfile_writes                 19515                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu03.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu03.cc_regfile_reads                  158868                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu03.cc_regfile_writes                  62565                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu03.misc_regfile_reads                  8876                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu03.misc_regfile_writes                  140                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           8.493367                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.total_refs              7400                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              28                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.avg_refs          264.285714                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.data     8.493367                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.008294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.008294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.027344                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           15205                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.data_accesses          15205                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.data         6440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          6440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu03.data          963                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          963                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu03.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu03.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::cpu03.data         7403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total           7403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::cpu03.data         7405                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total          7405                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.data           84                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           84                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu03.data           25                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           25                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu03.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu03.data           32                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           32                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu03.data           12                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           12                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::cpu03.data          109                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total          109                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::cpu03.data          110                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total          110                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu03.data      8621664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8621664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu03.data      4504000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4504000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu03.data      1024881                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1024881                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu03.data        47498                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        47498                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu03.data       702998                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       702998                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu03.data     13125664                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     13125664                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu03.data     13125664                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     13125664                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.data         6524                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6524                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu03.data          988                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          988                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu03.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu03.data           35                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           35                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu03.data           12                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           12                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu03.data         7512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total         7512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu03.data         7515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total         7515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.012876                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.012876                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.025304                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.025304                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.914286                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.914286                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.014510                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014510                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.014637                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014637                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu03.data 102638.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102638.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu03.data       180160                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total       180160                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu03.data 32027.531250                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32027.531250                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu03.data  3958.166667                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  3958.166667                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu03.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu03.data 120418.935780                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120418.935780                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu03.data 119324.218182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119324.218182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          110                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          110                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu03.data           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu03.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu03.data           69                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           69                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu03.data           69                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           69                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu03.data           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu03.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu03.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu03.data           32                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu03.data           12                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu03.data           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu03.data           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.data      3354259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3354259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.data      1457000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1457000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.data         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.data       906619                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       906619                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.data        35502                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        35502                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.data       674502                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       674502                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.data      4811259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4811259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.data      4820759                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4820759                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.004752                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004752                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.009109                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009109                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.914286                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.914286                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu03.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.005325                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005325                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.005456                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005456                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.data 108201.903226                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108201.903226                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.data 161888.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161888.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.data         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.data 28331.843750                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28331.843750                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.data  2958.500000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  2958.500000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.data 120281.475000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120281.475000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.data 117579.487805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117579.487805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tags.tagsinuse          15.334412                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.tags.total_refs              1321                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.sampled_refs              53                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.avg_refs           24.924528                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst    15.334412                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.029950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.029950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.103516                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.tag_accesses            2845                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu03.icache.tags.data_accesses           2845                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.inst         1321                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          1321                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::cpu03.inst         1321                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total           1321                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::cpu03.inst         1321                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total          1321                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.inst           75                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           75                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::cpu03.inst           75                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           75                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::cpu03.inst           75                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           75                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu03.inst      9662000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9662000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu03.inst      9662000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9662000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu03.inst      9662000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9662000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.inst         1396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::cpu03.inst         1396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total         1396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::cpu03.inst         1396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total         1396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.053725                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.053725                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.053725                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.053725                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.053725                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.053725                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu03.inst 128826.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128826.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu03.inst 128826.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 128826.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu03.inst 128826.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 128826.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          196                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           98                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu03.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu03.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu03.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu03.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu03.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu03.inst           53                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.inst      7284000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7284000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.inst      7284000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7284000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.inst      7284000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7284000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.037966                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037966                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.037966                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037966                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.037966                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037966                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.inst 137433.962264                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137433.962264                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.inst 137433.962264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137433.962264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.inst 137433.962264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137433.962264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.branchPred.lookups                 14318                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu04.branchPred.condPredicted           13579                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu04.branchPred.condIncorrect             147                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu04.branchPred.BTBLookups              12200                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu04.branchPred.BTBHits                  7202                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu04.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu04.branchPred.BTBHitPct           59.032787                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu04.branchPred.usedRAS                   341                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu04.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                          40085                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.fetch.icacheStallCycles             3411                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu04.fetch.Insts                        58642                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu04.fetch.Branches                     14318                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu04.fetch.predictedBranches             7543                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu04.fetch.Cycles                       28305                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu04.fetch.SquashCycles                   415                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu04.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu04.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu04.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu04.fetch.CacheLines                    1292                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu04.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  59                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::samples            31945                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.931194                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::stdev           3.335668                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::0                  23405     73.27%     73.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::1                    321      1.00%     74.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::2                     92      0.29%     74.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::3                    320      1.00%     75.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::4                    228      0.71%     76.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::5                    272      0.85%     77.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::6                    210      0.66%     77.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::7                     81      0.25%     78.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::8                   7016     21.96%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::total              31945                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.branchRate                0.357191                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu04.fetch.rate                      1.462941                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu04.decode.IdleCycles                   3786                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu04.decode.BlockedCycles               20396                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu04.decode.RunCycles                    1717                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu04.decode.UnblockCycles                5866                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu04.decode.SquashCycles                  180                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu04.decode.BranchResolved                339                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu04.decode.BranchMispred                  28                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu04.decode.DecodedInsts                57177                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu04.decode.SquashedInsts                 109                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu04.rename.SquashCycles                  180                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu04.rename.IdleCycles                   5879                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu04.rename.BlockCycles                   766                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu04.rename.serializeStallCycles         4073                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu04.rename.RunCycles                    5433                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu04.rename.UnblockCycles               15614                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu04.rename.RenamedInsts                56373                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu04.rename.IQFullEvents                15496                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu04.rename.LQFullEvents                    8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu04.rename.RenamedOperands             99510                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu04.rename.RenameLookups              273323                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu04.rename.int_rename_lookups          75752                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu04.rename.CommittedMaps               90615                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu04.rename.UndoneMaps                   8895                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu04.rename.serializingInsts               83                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu04.rename.tempSerializingInsts           83                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu04.rename.skidInsts                   28588                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu04.memDep0.insertedLoads               7730                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu04.memDep0.insertedStores              1430                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu04.memDep0.conflictingLoads             590                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu04.memDep0.conflictingStores            291                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu04.iq.iqInstsAdded                    55783                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               139                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu04.iq.iqInstsIssued                   51810                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             628                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          5213                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        20832                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        31945                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.621850                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      0.773698                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              5805     18.17%     18.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               470      1.47%     19.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             25670     80.36%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            2                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         31945                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               43348     83.67%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.01%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               7306     14.10%     97.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              1153      2.23%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::total                51810                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.rate                         1.292503                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu04.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu04.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           136193                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           61139                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        51542                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu04.iq.int_alu_accesses                51810                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              7                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          732                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            4                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          349                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            7                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           20                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu04.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu04.iew.iewSquashCycles                  180                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu04.iew.iewBlockCycles                   562                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu04.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 150                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             55925                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               8                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                7730                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               1430                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               70                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu04.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    1                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 149                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            4                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           63                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           66                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu04.iew.branchMispredicts                129                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu04.iew.iewExecutedInsts               51701                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                7229                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             109                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu04.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu04.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu04.iew.exec_refs                       8371                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu04.iew.exec_branches                  12205                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu04.iew.exec_stores                     1142                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu04.iew.exec_rate                   1.289784                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu04.iew.wb_sent                        51614                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu04.iew.wb_count                       51542                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu04.iew.wb_producers                   37047                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu04.iew.wb_consumers                   75016                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu04.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu04.iew.wb_rate                     1.285818                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu04.iew.wb_fanout                   0.493855                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu04.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu04.commit.commitSquashedInsts          5146                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           127                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu04.commit.branchMispredicts             120                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        31203                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.625132                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.703826                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0         8317     26.65%     26.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        12259     39.29%     65.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         2778      8.90%     74.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         3614     11.58%     86.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          104      0.33%     86.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3664     11.74%     98.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          120      0.38%     98.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          180      0.58%     99.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8          167      0.54%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        31203                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committedInsts              49001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.commit.committedOps                50709                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu04.commit.refs                         8079                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu04.commit.loads                        6998                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu04.commit.membars                        65                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu04.commit.branches                    12067                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu04.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu04.commit.int_insts                   38939                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu04.commit.function_calls                181                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          42628     84.06%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.00%     84.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     84.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     84.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     84.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     84.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     84.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          6998     13.80%     97.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         1081      2.13%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::total           50709                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.bw_lim_events                 167                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu04.rob.rob_reads                      86163                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu04.rob.rob_writes                    112523                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu04.timesIdled                            45                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu04.idleCycles                          8140                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu04.quiesceCycles                      61637                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu04.committedInsts                     49001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu04.committedOps                       50709                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu04.cpi                             0.818045                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu04.cpi_total                       0.818045                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu04.ipc                             1.222427                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu04.ipc_total                       1.222427                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu04.int_regfile_reads                  69102                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu04.int_regfile_writes                 21466                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu04.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu04.cc_regfile_reads                  176514                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu04.cc_regfile_writes                  70425                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu04.misc_regfile_reads                  9594                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu04.misc_regfile_writes                   26                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           8.571013                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.total_refs              8178                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              27                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.avg_refs          302.888889                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data     8.571013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.008370                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.008370                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.026367                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           16572                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.data_accesses          16572                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.data         7121                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          7121                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu04.data         1053                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         1053                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu04.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu04.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::cpu04.data         8174                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total           8174                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::cpu04.data         8176                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total          8176                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.data           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu04.data           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu04.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu04.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu04.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::cpu04.data           76                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total           76                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::cpu04.data           77                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total           77                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu04.data      7540999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7540999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu04.data      4488000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4488000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu04.data       393996                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       393996                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu04.data        42499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        42499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu04.data       102000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       102000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu04.data     12028999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     12028999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu04.data     12028999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     12028999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.data         7178                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7178                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu04.data         1072                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1072                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu04.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu04.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu04.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu04.data         8250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total         8250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu04.data         8253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total         8253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.007941                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007941                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.017724                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.017724                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.571429                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.571429                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.009212                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009212                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.009330                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009330                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu04.data 132298.228070                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132298.228070                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu04.data 236210.526316                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 236210.526316                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu04.data        98499                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        98499                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu04.data  8499.800000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8499.800000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu04.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu04.data 158276.302632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 158276.302632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu04.data 156220.766234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156220.766234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           20                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           69                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           20                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           69                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu04.data           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu04.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu04.data           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu04.data           40                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu04.data           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu04.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu04.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu04.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu04.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu04.data           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu04.data           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.data      3328501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3328501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.data      1426250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1426250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.data         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.data       380504                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       380504                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.data        32001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        32001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.data        95500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        95500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.data      4754751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4754751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.data      4764251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4764251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.004040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.006530                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006530                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.571429                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.571429                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu04.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.004364                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004364                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.004483                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004483                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.data 114775.896552                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114775.896552                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.data       203750                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       203750                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.data         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.data        95126                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        95126                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.data  6400.200000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6400.200000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.data 132076.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 132076.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.data 128763.540541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 128763.540541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tags.tagsinuse          15.161495                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.tags.total_refs              1217                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.sampled_refs              52                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.avg_refs           23.403846                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst    15.161495                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.029612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.029612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.101562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.tag_accesses            2636                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu04.icache.tags.data_accesses           2636                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.inst         1217                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          1217                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::cpu04.inst         1217                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total           1217                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::cpu04.inst         1217                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total          1217                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.inst           75                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           75                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::cpu04.inst           75                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           75                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::cpu04.inst           75                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           75                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu04.inst      9390500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9390500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu04.inst      9390500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9390500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu04.inst      9390500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9390500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.inst         1292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::cpu04.inst         1292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total         1292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::cpu04.inst         1292                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total         1292                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.058050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.058050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.058050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.058050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.058050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.058050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu04.inst 125206.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125206.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu04.inst 125206.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125206.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu04.inst 125206.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125206.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          146                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          146                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu04.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu04.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu04.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu04.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu04.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu04.inst           52                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.inst      7380750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7380750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.inst      7380750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7380750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.inst      7380750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7380750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.040248                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040248                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.040248                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040248                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.040248                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040248                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.inst 141937.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 141937.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.inst 141937.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 141937.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.inst 141937.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 141937.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.branchPred.lookups                 12627                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu05.branchPred.condPredicted           11900                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu05.branchPred.condIncorrect             156                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu05.branchPred.BTBLookups              10591                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu05.branchPred.BTBHits                  6359                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu05.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu05.branchPred.BTBHitPct           60.041545                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu05.branchPred.usedRAS                   317                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu05.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                          39533                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.fetch.icacheStallCycles             3616                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu05.fetch.Insts                        51845                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu05.fetch.Branches                     12627                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu05.fetch.predictedBranches             6676                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu05.fetch.Cycles                       27751                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu05.fetch.SquashCycles                   421                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu05.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu05.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu05.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           30                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu05.fetch.CacheLines                    1257                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu05.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  68                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::samples            31617                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.730778                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::stdev           3.202364                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::0                  23967     75.80%     75.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::1                    305      0.96%     76.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::2                     88      0.28%     77.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::3                    310      0.98%     78.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::4                    220      0.70%     78.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::5                    306      0.97%     79.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::6                    191      0.60%     80.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::7                     85      0.27%     80.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::8                   6145     19.44%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::total              31617                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.branchRate                0.319404                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu05.fetch.rate                      1.311436                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu05.decode.IdleCycles                   3529                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu05.decode.BlockedCycles               21173                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu05.decode.RunCycles                    1635                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu05.decode.UnblockCycles                5100                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu05.decode.SquashCycles                  180                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu05.decode.BranchResolved                329                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu05.decode.BranchMispred                  31                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu05.decode.DecodedInsts                50549                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu05.decode.SquashedInsts                 112                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu05.rename.SquashCycles                  180                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu05.rename.IdleCycles                   5365                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu05.rename.BlockCycles                   576                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu05.rename.serializeStallCycles         7099                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu05.rename.RunCycles                    4848                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu05.rename.UnblockCycles               13549                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu05.rename.RenamedInsts                49712                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu05.rename.ROBFullEvents                   3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu05.rename.IQFullEvents                13415                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu05.rename.RenamedOperands             87179                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu05.rename.RenameLookups              240900                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu05.rename.int_rename_lookups          66604                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu05.rename.CommittedMaps               78766                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu05.rename.UndoneMaps                   8409                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu05.rename.serializingInsts               96                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu05.rename.tempSerializingInsts           94                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu05.rename.skidInsts                   24796                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu05.memDep0.insertedLoads               6831                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu05.memDep0.insertedStores              1320                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu05.memDep0.conflictingLoads             549                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu05.memDep0.conflictingStores            293                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu05.iq.iqInstsAdded                    48914                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               166                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu05.iq.iqInstsIssued                   45319                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             612                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          4872                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        19030                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           24                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        31617                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.433374                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      0.891578                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              8684     27.47%     27.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               547      1.73%     29.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             22386     70.80%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            2                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         31617                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               37817     83.45%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.01%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               6432     14.19%     97.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              1067      2.35%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::total                45319                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.rate                         1.146359                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu05.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu05.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           122865                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           53957                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        45039                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu05.iq.int_alu_accesses                45319                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              4                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          702                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            5                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          321                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            4                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           30                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu05.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu05.iew.iewSquashCycles                  180                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu05.iew.iewBlockCycles                   508                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu05.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             49083                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              72                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                6831                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               1320                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               88                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu05.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                   0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            5                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           58                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           77                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu05.iew.branchMispredicts                135                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu05.iew.iewExecutedInsts               45198                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                6361                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             119                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu05.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu05.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu05.iew.exec_refs                       7415                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu05.iew.exec_branches                  10643                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu05.iew.exec_stores                     1054                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu05.iew.exec_rate                   1.143298                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu05.iew.wb_sent                        45101                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu05.iew.wb_count                       45039                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu05.iew.wb_producers                   32262                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu05.iew.wb_consumers                   65174                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu05.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu05.iew.wb_rate                     1.139276                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu05.iew.wb_fanout                   0.495013                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu05.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu05.commit.commitSquashedInsts          4802                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           142                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu05.commit.branchMispredicts             126                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        30930                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.429292                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.683766                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        10931     35.34%     35.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        10758     34.78%     70.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         2429      7.85%     77.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         3125     10.10%     88.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          117      0.38%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3145     10.17%     98.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          108      0.35%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          160      0.52%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8          157      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        30930                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committedInsts              42670                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.commit.committedOps                44208                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu05.commit.refs                         7128                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu05.commit.loads                        6129                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu05.commit.membars                        60                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu05.commit.branches                    10497                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu05.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu05.commit.int_insts                   33978                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu05.commit.function_calls                163                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          37078     83.87%     83.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.00%     83.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     83.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     83.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     83.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     83.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     83.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     83.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     83.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     83.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          6129     13.86%     97.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          999      2.26%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::total           44208                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.bw_lim_events                 157                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu05.rob.rob_reads                      79133                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu05.rob.rob_writes                     98785                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu05.timesIdled                            40                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu05.idleCycles                          7916                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu05.quiesceCycles                      62189                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu05.committedInsts                     42670                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu05.committedOps                       44208                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu05.cpi                             0.926482                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu05.cpi_total                       0.926482                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu05.ipc                             1.079351                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu05.ipc_total                       1.079351                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu05.int_regfile_reads                  60292                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu05.int_regfile_writes                 18848                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu05.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu05.cc_regfile_reads                  154467                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu05.cc_regfile_writes                  61237                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu05.misc_regfile_reads                  8666                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu05.misc_regfile_writes                  132                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           8.484761                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.total_refs              7144                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              27                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.avg_refs          264.592593                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.data     8.484761                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.008286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.008286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.026367                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           14658                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.data_accesses          14658                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.data         6197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          6197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu05.data          943                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          943                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu05.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu05.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::cpu05.data         7140                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total           7140                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::cpu05.data         7142                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total          7142                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.data           86                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           86                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu05.data           21                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           21                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu05.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu05.data           29                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           29                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu05.data           10                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           10                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::cpu05.data          107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total          107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::cpu05.data          108                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total          108                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu05.data      6961955                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6961955                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu05.data      3015750                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3015750                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu05.data      1334396                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1334396                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu05.data        37499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        37499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu05.data       675500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       675500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu05.data      9977705                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      9977705                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu05.data      9977705                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      9977705                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.data         6283                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6283                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu05.data          964                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          964                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu05.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu05.data           33                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           33                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu05.data           10                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           10                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu05.data         7247                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total         7247                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu05.data         7250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total         7250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.013688                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013688                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.021784                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.021784                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.878788                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.878788                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.014765                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014765                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.014897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu05.data 80952.965116                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80952.965116                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu05.data 143607.142857                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 143607.142857                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu05.data 46013.655172                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46013.655172                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu05.data  3749.900000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  3749.900000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu05.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu05.data 93249.579439                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93249.579439                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu05.data 92386.157407                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 92386.157407                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           19                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          117                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           19                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          117                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu05.data           57                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           57                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu05.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu05.data           71                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           71                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu05.data           71                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           71                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu05.data           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu05.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu05.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu05.data           29                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu05.data           10                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu05.data           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu05.data           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.data      2728005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2728005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.data       922500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       922500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.data         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.data      1229104                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1229104                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.data        27001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        27001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.data       654000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       654000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.data      3650505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3650505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.data      3660005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3660005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.004616                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004616                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.007261                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007261                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.878788                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.878788                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu05.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.004968                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004968                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.005103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.data 94069.137931                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94069.137931                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.data 131785.714286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 131785.714286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.data         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.data 42382.896552                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42382.896552                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.data  2700.100000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  2700.100000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.data 101402.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101402.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.data 98919.054054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98919.054054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tags.tagsinuse          15.100746                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.tags.total_refs              1179                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.sampled_refs              55                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.avg_refs           21.436364                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst    15.100746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.029494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.029494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.107422                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.tag_accesses            2569                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu05.icache.tags.data_accesses           2569                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.inst         1179                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          1179                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::cpu05.inst         1179                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total           1179                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::cpu05.inst         1179                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total          1179                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.inst           78                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::cpu05.inst           78                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           78                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::cpu05.inst           78                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           78                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu05.inst     10641750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10641750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu05.inst     10641750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10641750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu05.inst     10641750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10641750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.inst         1257                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1257                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::cpu05.inst         1257                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total         1257                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::cpu05.inst         1257                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total         1257                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.062053                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.062053                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.062053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.062053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.062053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.062053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu05.inst 136432.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 136432.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu05.inst 136432.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 136432.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu05.inst 136432.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 136432.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          139                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    69.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu05.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu05.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu05.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu05.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu05.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu05.inst           55                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           55                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.inst      8343500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8343500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.inst      8343500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8343500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.inst      8343500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8343500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.043755                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043755                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.043755                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043755                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.043755                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043755                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.inst       151700                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       151700                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.inst       151700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       151700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.inst       151700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       151700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.branchPred.lookups                 11795                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu06.branchPred.condPredicted           11127                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu06.branchPred.condIncorrect             144                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu06.branchPred.BTBLookups               9992                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu06.branchPred.BTBHits                  5946                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu06.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu06.branchPred.BTBHitPct           59.507606                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu06.branchPred.usedRAS                   292                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu06.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                          38531                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.fetch.icacheStallCycles             2732                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu06.fetch.Insts                        48472                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu06.fetch.Branches                     11795                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu06.fetch.predictedBranches             6238                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu06.fetch.Cycles                       27377                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu06.fetch.SquashCycles                   389                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu06.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu06.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu06.fetch.CacheLines                    1158                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu06.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  59                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::samples            30325                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.686991                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::stdev           3.174387                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::0                  23182     76.45%     76.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::1                    283      0.93%     77.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::2                     73      0.24%     77.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::3                    300      0.99%     78.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::4                    207      0.68%     79.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::5                    264      0.87%     80.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::6                    182      0.60%     80.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::7                     83      0.27%     81.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::8                   5751     18.96%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::total              30325                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.branchRate                0.306117                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu06.fetch.rate                      1.258000                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu06.decode.IdleCycles                   3338                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu06.decode.BlockedCycles               20518                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu06.decode.RunCycles                    1527                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu06.decode.UnblockCycles                4775                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu06.decode.SquashCycles                  167                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu06.decode.BranchResolved                317                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu06.decode.BranchMispred                  27                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu06.decode.DecodedInsts                47317                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu06.decode.SquashedInsts                  93                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu06.rename.SquashCycles                  167                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu06.rename.IdleCycles                   5051                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu06.rename.BlockCycles                  2146                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu06.rename.serializeStallCycles         5745                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu06.rename.RunCycles                    4541                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu06.rename.UnblockCycles               12675                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu06.rename.RenamedInsts                46582                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu06.rename.ROBFullEvents                   4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu06.rename.IQFullEvents                12553                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu06.rename.LQFullEvents                    8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu06.rename.RenamedOperands             81639                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu06.rename.RenameLookups              225711                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu06.rename.int_rename_lookups          62429                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu06.rename.CommittedMaps               73664                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu06.rename.UndoneMaps                   7971                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu06.rename.serializingInsts               88                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu06.rename.tempSerializingInsts           86                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu06.rename.skidInsts                   23258                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu06.memDep0.insertedLoads               6409                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu06.memDep0.insertedStores              1285                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu06.memDep0.conflictingLoads             510                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu06.memDep0.conflictingStores            267                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu06.iq.iqInstsAdded                    45892                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               140                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu06.iq.iqInstsIssued                   42400                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             597                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          4708                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        18406                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        30325                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.398186                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      0.908542                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              8882     29.29%     29.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               486      1.60%     30.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             20957     69.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            2                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         30325                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               35381     83.45%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.01%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               6035     14.23%     97.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               981      2.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::total                42400                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.rate                         1.100413                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu06.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu06.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           115720                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           50744                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        42140                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu06.iq.int_alu_accesses                42400                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              8                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          683                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            4                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          362                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            5                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           26                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu06.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu06.iew.iewSquashCycles                  167                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu06.iew.iewBlockCycles                   499                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu06.iew.iewUnblockCycles                1530                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             46035                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              32                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                6409                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               1285                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               74                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu06.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    1                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                1529                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            4                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           55                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           71                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu06.iew.branchMispredicts                126                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu06.iew.iewExecutedInsts               42295                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                5970                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             103                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu06.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu06.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu06.iew.exec_refs                       6940                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu06.iew.exec_branches                   9954                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu06.iew.exec_stores                      970                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu06.iew.exec_rate                   1.097688                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu06.iew.wb_sent                        42205                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu06.iew.wb_count                       42140                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu06.iew.wb_producers                   30222                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu06.iew.wb_consumers                   61101                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu06.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu06.iew.wb_rate                     1.093665                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu06.iew.wb_fanout                   0.494624                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu06.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu06.commit.commitSquashedInsts          4645                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           125                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu06.commit.branchMispredicts             117                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        29659                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.393304                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.679201                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        11001     37.09%     37.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        10007     33.74%     70.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         2281      7.69%     78.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         2926      9.87%     88.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4           73      0.25%     88.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         2980     10.05%     98.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6           96      0.32%     99.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          151      0.51%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8          144      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        29659                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committedInsts              39897                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.commit.committedOps                41324                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu06.commit.refs                         6649                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu06.commit.loads                        5726                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu06.commit.membars                        56                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu06.commit.branches                     9816                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu06.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu06.commit.int_insts                   31756                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu06.commit.function_calls                152                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          34673     83.91%     83.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.00%     83.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     83.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     83.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     83.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     83.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     83.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     83.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     83.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     83.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          5726     13.86%     97.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          923      2.23%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::total           41324                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.bw_lim_events                 144                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu06.rob.rob_reads                      74886                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu06.rob.rob_writes                     92674                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu06.timesIdled                            42                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu06.idleCycles                          8206                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu06.quiesceCycles                      63191                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu06.committedInsts                     39897                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu06.committedOps                       41324                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu06.cpi                             0.965762                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu06.cpi_total                       0.965762                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu06.ipc                             1.035452                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu06.ipc_total                       1.035452                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu06.int_regfile_reads                  56429                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu06.int_regfile_writes                 17650                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu06.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu06.cc_regfile_reads                  144561                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu06.cc_regfile_writes                  57308                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu06.misc_regfile_reads                  8138                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu06.misc_regfile_writes                   95                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           8.226951                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.total_refs              6696                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              27                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 248                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.data     8.226951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.008034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.008034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.026367                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           13714                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.data_accesses          13714                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.data         5814                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          5814                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu06.data          878                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          878                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu06.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu06.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::cpu06.data         6692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total           6692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::cpu06.data         6694                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total          6694                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.data           82                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           82                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu06.data           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu06.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu06.data           23                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           23                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu06.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            6                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::cpu06.data          101                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total          101                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::cpu06.data          102                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total          102                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu06.data      9934217                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9934217                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu06.data      6964250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6964250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu06.data      1130445                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1130445                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu06.data        37500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        37500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu06.data       360000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       360000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu06.data     16898467                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     16898467                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu06.data     16898467                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     16898467                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.data         5896                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5896                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu06.data          897                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          897                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu06.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu06.data           24                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           24                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu06.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            6                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu06.data         6793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total         6793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu06.data         6796                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total         6796                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.013908                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013908                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.021182                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.021182                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.958333                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.958333                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.014868                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014868                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.015009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu06.data 121148.987805                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121148.987805                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu06.data 366539.473684                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 366539.473684                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu06.data 49149.782609                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49149.782609                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu06.data         6250                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total         6250                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu06.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu06.data 167311.554455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167311.554455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu06.data 165671.245098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165671.245098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          148                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          148                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu06.data           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu06.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu06.data           65                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           65                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu06.data           65                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           65                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu06.data           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu06.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu06.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu06.data           23                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu06.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu06.data           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu06.data           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.data      3389503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3389503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.data      2231000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2231000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.data        13000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        13000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.data      1048555                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1048555                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.data        28500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        28500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.data       351000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       351000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.data      5620503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5620503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.data      5633503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5633503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.004919                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004919                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.007804                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007804                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu06.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.005300                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005300                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.005444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.data 116879.413793                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116879.413793                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.data 318714.285714                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 318714.285714                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.data        13000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        13000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.data 45589.347826                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45589.347826                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.data         4750                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         4750                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.data 156125.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156125.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.data 152256.837838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 152256.837838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tags.tagsinuse          14.548953                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.tags.total_refs              1085                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.sampled_refs              52                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.avg_refs           20.865385                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst    14.548953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.028416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.028416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.101562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.tag_accesses            2368                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu06.icache.tags.data_accesses           2368                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.inst         1085                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          1085                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::cpu06.inst         1085                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total           1085                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::cpu06.inst         1085                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total          1085                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.inst           73                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           73                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::cpu06.inst           73                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           73                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::cpu06.inst           73                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           73                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu06.inst      9420250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9420250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu06.inst      9420250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9420250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu06.inst      9420250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9420250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.inst         1158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::cpu06.inst         1158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total         1158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::cpu06.inst         1158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total         1158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.063040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.063040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.063040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.063040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.063040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.063040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu06.inst 129044.520548                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129044.520548                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu06.inst 129044.520548                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 129044.520548                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu06.inst 129044.520548                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 129044.520548                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          137                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          137                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu06.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu06.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu06.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu06.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu06.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu06.inst           52                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.inst      7452750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7452750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.inst      7452750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7452750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.inst      7452750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7452750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.044905                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044905                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.044905                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044905                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.044905                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044905                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.inst 143322.115385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 143322.115385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.inst 143322.115385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 143322.115385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.inst 143322.115385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 143322.115385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.branchPred.lookups                 13020                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu07.branchPred.condPredicted           12340                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu07.branchPred.condIncorrect             139                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu07.branchPred.BTBLookups              10431                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu07.branchPred.BTBHits                  6540                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu07.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu07.branchPred.BTBHitPct           62.697728                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu07.branchPred.usedRAS                   311                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu07.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                          37671                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.fetch.icacheStallCycles             2850                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu07.fetch.Insts                        53320                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu07.fetch.Branches                     13020                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu07.fetch.predictedBranches             6851                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu07.fetch.Cycles                       26595                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu07.fetch.SquashCycles                   391                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu07.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu07.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu07.fetch.CacheLines                    1188                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu07.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  57                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::samples            29662                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.891376                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::stdev           3.311625                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::0                  21890     73.80%     73.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::1                    298      1.00%     74.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::2                     77      0.26%     75.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::3                    293      0.99%     76.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::4                    210      0.71%     76.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::5                    251      0.85%     77.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::6                    194      0.65%     78.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::7                     80      0.27%     78.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::8                   6369     21.47%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::total              29662                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.branchRate                0.345624                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu07.fetch.rate                      1.415412                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu07.decode.IdleCycles                   3563                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu07.decode.BlockedCycles               19020                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu07.decode.RunCycles                    1596                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu07.decode.UnblockCycles                5315                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu07.decode.SquashCycles                  168                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu07.decode.BranchResolved                315                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu07.decode.BranchMispred                  27                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu07.decode.DecodedInsts                52027                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu07.decode.SquashedInsts                  93                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu07.rename.SquashCycles                  168                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu07.rename.IdleCycles                   5461                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu07.rename.BlockCycles                  1707                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu07.rename.serializeStallCycles         3202                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu07.rename.RunCycles                    4959                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu07.rename.UnblockCycles               14165                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu07.rename.RenamedInsts                51289                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu07.rename.ROBFullEvents                   3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu07.rename.IQFullEvents                14050                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu07.rename.LQFullEvents                    8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu07.rename.RenamedOperands             90463                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu07.rename.RenameLookups              248618                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu07.rename.int_rename_lookups          68871                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu07.rename.CommittedMaps               82289                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu07.rename.UndoneMaps                   8163                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu07.rename.serializingInsts               74                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu07.rename.tempSerializingInsts           73                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu07.rename.skidInsts                   25881                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu07.memDep0.insertedLoads               7051                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu07.memDep0.insertedStores              1308                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu07.memDep0.conflictingLoads             548                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu07.memDep0.conflictingStores            271                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu07.iq.iqInstsAdded                    50734                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               124                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu07.iq.iqInstsIssued                   47090                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             577                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          4746                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        19166                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        29662                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.587553                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      0.799896                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              5895     19.87%     19.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               444      1.50%     21.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             23323     78.63%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            2                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         29662                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               39352     83.57%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.01%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               6680     14.19%     97.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              1055      2.24%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::total                47090                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.rate                         1.250033                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu07.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu07.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           124417                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           55608                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        46821                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu07.iq.int_alu_accesses                47090                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              8                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          674                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            4                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          301                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            4                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           30                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu07.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu07.iew.iewSquashCycles                  168                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu07.iew.iewBlockCycles                   503                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu07.iew.iewUnblockCycles                1119                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             50861                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                7051                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               1308                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               61                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu07.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    1                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                1118                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            4                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           58                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           62                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu07.iew.branchMispredicts                120                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu07.iew.iewExecutedInsts               46985                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                6610                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             103                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu07.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu07.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu07.iew.exec_refs                       7657                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu07.iew.exec_branches                  11073                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu07.iew.exec_stores                     1047                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu07.iew.exec_rate                   1.247246                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu07.iew.wb_sent                        46892                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu07.iew.wb_count                       46821                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu07.iew.wb_producers                   33628                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu07.iew.wb_consumers                   68031                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu07.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu07.iew.wb_rate                     1.242892                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu07.iew.wb_fanout                   0.494304                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu07.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu07.commit.commitSquashedInsts          4684                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           117                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu07.commit.branchMispredicts             112                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        28991                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.590563                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.708066                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0         8216     28.34%     28.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        11118     38.35%     66.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         2534      8.74%     75.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         3266     11.27%     86.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          112      0.39%     87.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3297     11.37%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          110      0.38%     98.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          169      0.58%     99.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8          169      0.58%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        28991                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committedInsts              44520                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.commit.committedOps                46112                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu07.commit.refs                         7384                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu07.commit.loads                        6377                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu07.commit.membars                        61                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu07.commit.branches                    10959                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu07.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu07.commit.int_insts                   35430                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu07.commit.function_calls                169                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          38726     83.98%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          6377     13.83%     97.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         1007      2.18%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::total           46112                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.bw_lim_events                 169                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu07.rob.rob_reads                      78942                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu07.rob.rob_writes                    102329                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu07.timesIdled                            41                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu07.idleCycles                          8009                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu07.quiesceCycles                      64051                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu07.committedInsts                     44520                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu07.committedOps                       46112                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu07.cpi                             0.846159                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu07.cpi_total                       0.846159                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu07.ipc                             1.181811                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu07.ipc_total                       1.181811                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu07.int_regfile_reads                  62759                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu07.int_regfile_writes                 19551                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu07.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu07.cc_regfile_reads                  160485                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu07.cc_regfile_writes                  63860                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu07.misc_regfile_reads                  8851                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu07.misc_regfile_writes                   19                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           8.027428                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.total_refs              7468                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              26                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.avg_refs          287.230769                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.data     8.027428                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.007839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.007839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.025391                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           15164                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.data_accesses          15164                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.data         6483                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          6483                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu07.data          981                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          981                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu07.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::cpu07.data         7464                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total           7464                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::cpu07.data         7466                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total          7466                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.data           68                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           68                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu07.data           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu07.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu07.data            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu07.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::cpu07.data           87                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total           87                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::cpu07.data           88                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total           88                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu07.data      8740000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8740000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu07.data      6296500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6296500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu07.data        72500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total        72500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu07.data       238500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       238500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu07.data     15036500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     15036500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu07.data     15036500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     15036500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.data         6551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu07.data         1000                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1000                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu07.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu07.data            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu07.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu07.data         7551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total         7551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu07.data         7554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total         7554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.010380                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010380                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.019000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.019000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.011522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.011649                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011649                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu07.data 128529.411765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128529.411765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu07.data 331394.736842                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 331394.736842                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu07.data        14500                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        14500                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu07.data        79500                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        79500                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu07.data 172833.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172833.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu07.data 170869.318182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170869.318182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          127                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          127                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu07.data           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu07.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu07.data           52                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu07.data           52                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           52                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu07.data           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu07.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu07.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu07.data            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu07.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu07.data           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu07.data           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.data      3015250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3015250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.data      2024250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2024250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.data         9000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.data        57500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        57500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.data       229500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       229500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.data      5039500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5039500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.data      5048500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5048500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.004274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.007000                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007000                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu07.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu07.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.004635                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004635                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.004766                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004766                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.data 107687.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107687.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.data 289178.571429                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 289178.571429                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.data         9000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.data        11500                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11500                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.data        76500                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        76500                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.data 143985.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 143985.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.data 140236.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 140236.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tags.tagsinuse          14.221575                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.tags.total_refs              1114                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.sampled_refs              51                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.avg_refs           21.843137                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst    14.221575                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.027777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.027777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.099609                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.tag_accesses            2427                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu07.icache.tags.data_accesses           2427                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.inst         1114                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          1114                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::cpu07.inst         1114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total           1114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::cpu07.inst         1114                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total          1114                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.inst           74                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           74                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::cpu07.inst           74                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           74                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::cpu07.inst           74                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           74                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu07.inst      9125000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9125000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu07.inst      9125000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9125000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu07.inst      9125000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9125000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.inst         1188                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1188                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::cpu07.inst         1188                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total         1188                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::cpu07.inst         1188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total         1188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.062290                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.062290                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.062290                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.062290                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.062290                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.062290                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu07.inst 123310.810811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123310.810811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu07.inst 123310.810811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123310.810811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu07.inst 123310.810811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123310.810811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          187                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          187                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu07.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu07.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu07.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu07.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu07.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu07.inst           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.inst      7026000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7026000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.inst      7026000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7026000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.inst      7026000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7026000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.042929                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042929                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.042929                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042929                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.042929                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042929                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.inst 137764.705882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137764.705882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.inst 137764.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137764.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.inst 137764.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137764.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.branchPred.lookups                 12170                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu08.branchPred.condPredicted           11519                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu08.branchPred.condIncorrect             136                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu08.branchPred.BTBLookups               9782                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu08.branchPred.BTBHits                  6112                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu08.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu08.branchPred.BTBHitPct           62.482110                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu08.branchPred.usedRAS                   290                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu08.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                          37042                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.fetch.icacheStallCycles             2695                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu08.fetch.Insts                        49898                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu08.fetch.Branches                     12170                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu08.fetch.predictedBranches             6402                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu08.fetch.Cycles                       26019                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu08.fetch.SquashCycles                   377                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu08.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu08.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu08.fetch.CacheLines                    1124                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu08.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  55                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::samples            28924                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.817038                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::stdev           3.265837                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::0                  21640     74.82%     74.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::1                    279      0.96%     75.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::2                     67      0.23%     76.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::3                    283      0.98%     76.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::4                    197      0.68%     77.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::5                    238      0.82%     78.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::6                    182      0.63%     79.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::7                     80      0.28%     79.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::8                   5958     20.60%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::total              28924                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.branchRate                0.328546                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu08.fetch.rate                      1.347065                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu08.decode.IdleCycles                   3372                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu08.decode.BlockedCycles               18924                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu08.decode.RunCycles                    1515                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu08.decode.UnblockCycles                4952                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu08.decode.SquashCycles                  161                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu08.decode.BranchResolved                305                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu08.decode.BranchMispred                  27                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu08.decode.DecodedInsts                48682                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu08.decode.SquashedInsts                  93                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu08.rename.SquashCycles                  161                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu08.rename.IdleCycles                   5143                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu08.rename.BlockCycles                  2252                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu08.rename.serializeStallCycles         3546                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu08.rename.RunCycles                    4647                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu08.rename.UnblockCycles               13175                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu08.rename.RenamedInsts                47972                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu08.rename.IQFullEvents                13072                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu08.rename.LQFullEvents                    8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu08.rename.RenamedOperands             84430                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu08.rename.RenameLookups              232517                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu08.rename.int_rename_lookups          64394                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu08.rename.CommittedMaps               76515                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu08.rename.UndoneMaps                   7912                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu08.rename.serializingInsts               72                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu08.rename.tempSerializingInsts           71                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu08.rename.skidInsts                   24169                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu08.memDep0.insertedLoads               6595                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu08.memDep0.insertedStores              1274                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu08.memDep0.conflictingLoads             504                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu08.memDep0.conflictingStores            255                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu08.iq.iqInstsAdded                    47424                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               118                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu08.iq.iqInstsIssued                   43867                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             577                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          4668                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        18602                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        28924                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.516630                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      0.847763                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              6782     23.45%     23.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               417      1.44%     24.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             21725     75.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            2                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         28924                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               36658     83.57%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.01%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               6216     14.17%     97.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               990      2.26%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::total                43867                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.rate                         1.184250                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu08.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu08.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           117233                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           52214                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        43627                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu08.iq.int_alu_accesses                43867                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              7                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          667                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            4                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          337                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            5                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            9                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu08.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu08.iew.iewSquashCycles                  161                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu08.iew.iewBlockCycles                   496                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu08.iew.iewUnblockCycles                1710                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             47545                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                6595                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               1274                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               59                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu08.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    1                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                1709                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            4                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           55                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           62                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu08.iew.branchMispredicts                117                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu08.iew.iewExecutedInsts               43770                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                6148                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              95                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu08.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu08.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu08.iew.exec_refs                       7129                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu08.iew.exec_branches                  10308                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu08.iew.exec_stores                      981                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu08.iew.exec_rate                   1.181632                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu08.iew.wb_sent                        43695                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu08.iew.wb_count                       43627                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu08.iew.wb_producers                   31336                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu08.iew.wb_consumers                   63423                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu08.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu08.iew.wb_rate                     1.177771                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu08.iew.wb_fanout                   0.494079                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu08.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu08.commit.commitSquashedInsts          4606                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           111                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu08.commit.branchMispredicts             109                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        28267                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.516751                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.696313                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0         8929     31.59%     31.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        10346     36.60%     68.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         2363      8.36%     76.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         3050     10.79%     87.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4           79      0.28%     87.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3102     10.97%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          100      0.35%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          158      0.56%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8          140      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        28267                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committedInsts              41398                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.commit.committedOps                42874                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu08.commit.refs                         6865                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu08.commit.loads                        5928                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu08.commit.membars                        57                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu08.commit.branches                    10190                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu08.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu08.commit.int_insts                   32941                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu08.commit.function_calls                157                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          36007     83.98%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          5928     13.83%     97.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          937      2.19%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::total           42874                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.bw_lim_events                 140                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu08.rob.rob_reads                      74983                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu08.rob.rob_writes                     95683                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu08.timesIdled                            42                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu08.idleCycles                          8118                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu08.quiesceCycles                      64680                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu08.committedInsts                     41398                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu08.committedOps                       42874                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu08.cpi                             0.894778                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu08.cpi_total                       0.894778                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu08.ipc                             1.117596                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu08.ipc_total                       1.117596                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu08.int_regfile_reads                  58465                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu08.int_regfile_writes                 18240                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu08.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu08.cc_regfile_reads                  149514                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu08.cc_regfile_writes                  59473                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu08.misc_regfile_reads                  8312                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu08.misc_regfile_writes                   26                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           7.498801                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.total_refs              6952                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              25                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.avg_refs          278.080000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.data     7.498801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.007323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.007323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.024414                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           14142                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.data_accesses          14142                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.data         6042                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          6042                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu08.data          906                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          906                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu08.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::cpu08.data         6948                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total           6948                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::cpu08.data         6950                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total          6950                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.data           66                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           66                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu08.data           22                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           22                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu08.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu08.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu08.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::cpu08.data           88                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total           88                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::cpu08.data           89                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total           89                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu08.data      8716499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8716499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu08.data      7198500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7198500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu08.data       436484                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       436484                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu08.data        50500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        50500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu08.data        45000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        45000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu08.data     15914999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     15914999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu08.data     15914999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     15914999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.data         6108                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6108                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu08.data          928                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          928                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu08.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu08.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu08.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu08.data         7036                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total         7036                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu08.data         7039                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total         7039                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.010806                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010806                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.023707                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.023707                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.012507                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012507                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.012644                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012644                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu08.data 132068.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132068.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu08.data 327204.545455                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 327204.545455                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu08.data 62354.857143                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62354.857143                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu08.data        12625                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        12625                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu08.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu08.data 180852.261364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 180852.261364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu08.data 178820.213483                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 178820.213483                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           38                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           38                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu08.data           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu08.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu08.data           54                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu08.data           54                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           54                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu08.data           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu08.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu08.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu08.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu08.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu08.data           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu08.data           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.data      3104501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3104501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.data      2339500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2339500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.data         9000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.data       413016                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       413016                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.data        41500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        41500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.data        42000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        42000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.data      5444001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5444001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.data      5453001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5453001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.004420                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004420                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.007543                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007543                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu08.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu08.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.004832                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004832                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.004972                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004972                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.data 114981.518519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114981.518519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.data 334214.285714                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 334214.285714                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.data         9000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.data 59002.285714                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59002.285714                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.data        10375                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        10375                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.data 160117.676471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160117.676471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.data 155800.028571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155800.028571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tags.tagsinuse          13.890777                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.tags.total_refs              1053                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.sampled_refs              51                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.avg_refs           20.647059                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst    13.890777                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.027130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.027130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.099609                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.tag_accesses            2299                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu08.icache.tags.data_accesses           2299                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.inst         1053                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          1053                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::cpu08.inst         1053                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total           1053                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::cpu08.inst         1053                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total          1053                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.inst           71                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           71                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::cpu08.inst           71                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           71                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::cpu08.inst           71                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           71                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu08.inst      9056250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9056250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu08.inst      9056250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9056250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu08.inst      9056250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9056250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.inst         1124                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1124                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::cpu08.inst         1124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total         1124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::cpu08.inst         1124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total         1124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.063167                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.063167                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.063167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.063167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.063167                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.063167                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu08.inst 127552.816901                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127552.816901                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu08.inst 127552.816901                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 127552.816901                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu08.inst 127552.816901                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 127552.816901                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          123                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          123                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu08.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu08.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu08.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu08.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu08.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu08.inst           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.inst      7028250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7028250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.inst      7028250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7028250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.inst      7028250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7028250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.045374                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045374                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.045374                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045374                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.045374                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045374                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.inst 137808.823529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137808.823529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.inst 137808.823529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137808.823529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.inst 137808.823529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137808.823529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.branchPred.lookups                 11960                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu09.branchPred.condPredicted           11294                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu09.branchPred.condIncorrect             138                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu09.branchPred.BTBLookups               9423                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu09.branchPred.BTBHits                  6017                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu09.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu09.branchPred.BTBHitPct           63.854399                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu09.branchPred.usedRAS                   296                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu09.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                          36425                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.fetch.icacheStallCycles             3683                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu09.fetch.Insts                        48963                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu09.fetch.Branches                     11960                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu09.fetch.predictedBranches             6313                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu09.fetch.Cycles                       24866                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu09.fetch.SquashCycles                   377                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu09.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu09.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu09.fetch.CacheLines                    1143                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu09.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  55                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::samples            28759                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.795229                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::stdev           3.247767                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::0                  21565     74.99%     74.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::1                    281      0.98%     75.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::2                     87      0.30%     76.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::3                    290      1.01%     77.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::4                    200      0.70%     77.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::5                    246      0.86%     78.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::6                    183      0.64%     79.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::7                     80      0.28%     79.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::8                   5827     20.26%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::total              28759                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.branchRate                0.328346                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu09.fetch.rate                      1.344214                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu09.decode.IdleCycles                   3334                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu09.decode.BlockedCycles               18893                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu09.decode.RunCycles                    1525                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu09.decode.UnblockCycles                4846                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu09.decode.SquashCycles                  161                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu09.decode.BranchResolved                309                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu09.decode.BranchMispred                  27                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu09.decode.DecodedInsts                47838                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu09.decode.SquashedInsts                 101                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu09.rename.SquashCycles                  161                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu09.rename.IdleCycles                   5071                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu09.rename.BlockCycles                   698                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu09.rename.serializeStallCycles         5354                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu09.rename.RunCycles                    4584                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu09.rename.UnblockCycles               12891                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu09.rename.RenamedInsts                47121                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu09.rename.ROBFullEvents                   3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu09.rename.IQFullEvents                12783                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu09.rename.RenamedOperands             82845                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu09.rename.RenameLookups              228332                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu09.rename.int_rename_lookups          63162                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu09.rename.CommittedMaps               74951                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu09.rename.UndoneMaps                   7883                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu09.rename.serializingInsts               76                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu09.rename.tempSerializingInsts           74                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu09.rename.skidInsts                   23641                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu09.memDep0.insertedLoads               6486                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu09.memDep0.insertedStores              1246                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu09.memDep0.conflictingLoads             524                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu09.memDep0.conflictingStores            260                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu09.iq.iqInstsAdded                    46533                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               127                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu09.iq.iqInstsIssued                   43041                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             592                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          4626                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        18330                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        28759                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.496610                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      0.859151                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              7019     24.41%     24.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               439      1.53%     25.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             21301     74.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            2                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         28759                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               35957     83.54%     83.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.01%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               6107     14.19%     97.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               974      2.26%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::total                43041                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.rate                         1.181633                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu09.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu09.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           115431                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           51289                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        42786                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu09.iq.int_alu_accesses                43041                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              3                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          667                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            3                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          318                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            4                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           30                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu09.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu09.iew.iewSquashCycles                  161                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu09.iew.iewBlockCycles                   490                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu09.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             46663                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               8                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                6486                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               1246                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               62                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu09.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                   0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            3                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           54                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           67                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu09.iew.branchMispredicts                121                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu09.iew.iewExecutedInsts               42941                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                6041                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              98                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu09.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu09.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu09.iew.exec_refs                       7005                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu09.iew.exec_branches                  10117                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu09.iew.exec_stores                      964                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu09.iew.exec_rate                   1.178888                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu09.iew.wb_sent                        42847                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu09.iew.wb_count                       42786                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu09.iew.wb_producers                   30708                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu09.iew.wb_consumers                   62094                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu09.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu09.iew.wb_rate                     1.174633                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu09.iew.wb_fanout                   0.494541                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu09.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu09.commit.commitSquashedInsts          4564                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           114                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu09.commit.branchMispredicts             111                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        28108                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.495446                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.695906                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0         9141     32.52%     32.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        10166     36.17%     68.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         2309      8.21%     76.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         2978     10.59%     87.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          115      0.41%     87.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         2992     10.64%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          103      0.37%     98.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          154      0.55%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8          150      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        28108                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committedInsts              40578                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.commit.committedOps                42034                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu09.commit.refs                         6747                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu09.commit.loads                        5819                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu09.commit.membars                        57                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu09.commit.branches                     9986                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu09.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu09.commit.int_insts                   32301                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu09.commit.function_calls                155                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          35285     83.94%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          5819     13.84%     97.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          928      2.21%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::total           42034                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.bw_lim_events                 150                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu09.rob.rob_reads                      73945                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu09.rob.rob_writes                     93913                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu09.timesIdled                            41                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu09.idleCycles                          7666                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu09.quiesceCycles                      65297                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu09.committedInsts                     40578                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu09.committedOps                       42034                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu09.cpi                             0.897654                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu09.cpi_total                       0.897654                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu09.ipc                             1.114015                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu09.ipc_total                       1.114015                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu09.int_regfile_reads                  57317                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu09.int_regfile_writes                 17896                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu09.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu09.cc_regfile_reads                  146679                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu09.cc_regfile_writes                  58289                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu09.misc_regfile_reads                  8171                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu09.misc_regfile_writes                   42                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           7.477703                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.total_refs              6810                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              25                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.avg_refs          272.400000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.data     7.477703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.007302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.007302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.024414                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           13892                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.data_accesses          13892                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.data         5910                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          5910                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu09.data          896                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          896                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu09.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::cpu09.data         6806                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total           6806                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::cpu09.data         6808                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total          6808                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.data           77                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           77                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu09.data           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu09.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu09.data           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu09.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::cpu09.data           96                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total           96                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::cpu09.data           97                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total           97                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu09.data      6366500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6366500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu09.data      3291500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3291500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu09.data       581456                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       581456                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu09.data       141500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       141500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu09.data       351499                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       351499                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu09.data      9658000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      9658000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu09.data      9658000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      9658000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.data         5987                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5987                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu09.data          915                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          915                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu09.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu09.data           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu09.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu09.data         6902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total         6902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu09.data         6905                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total         6905                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.012861                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.012861                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.020765                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.020765                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.013909                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013909                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.014048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu09.data 82681.818182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82681.818182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu09.data 173236.842105                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 173236.842105                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu09.data 58145.600000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58145.600000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu09.data 20214.285714                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20214.285714                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu09.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu09.data 100604.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 100604.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu09.data 99567.010309                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 99567.010309                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          260                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          260                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu09.data           50                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           50                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu09.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu09.data           62                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           62                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu09.data           62                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           62                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu09.data           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu09.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu09.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu09.data           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu09.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu09.data           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu09.data           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.data      2084750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2084750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.data       934250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       934250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.data        10000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        10000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.data       546044                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       546044                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.data       132500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       132500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.data       338501                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       338501                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.data      3019000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3019000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.data      3029000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3029000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.004510                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004510                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.007650                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007650                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu09.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu09.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.004926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.005069                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005069                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.data 77212.962963                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77212.962963                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.data 133464.285714                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 133464.285714                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.data        10000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        10000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.data 54604.400000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54604.400000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.data 18928.571429                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18928.571429                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.data 88794.117647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88794.117647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.data 86542.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86542.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tags.tagsinuse          13.708702                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.tags.total_refs              1071                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.sampled_refs              51                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.avg_refs                  21                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst    13.708702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.026775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.026775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.099609                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.tag_accesses            2337                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu09.icache.tags.data_accesses           2337                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.inst         1071                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          1071                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::cpu09.inst         1071                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total           1071                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::cpu09.inst         1071                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total          1071                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.inst           72                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           72                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::cpu09.inst           72                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           72                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::cpu09.inst           72                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           72                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu09.inst      9451250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9451250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu09.inst      9451250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9451250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu09.inst      9451250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9451250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.inst         1143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::cpu09.inst         1143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total         1143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::cpu09.inst         1143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total         1143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.062992                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.062992                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.062992                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.062992                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.062992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.062992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu09.inst 131267.361111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131267.361111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu09.inst 131267.361111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 131267.361111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu09.inst 131267.361111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 131267.361111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          187                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          187                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu09.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu09.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu09.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu09.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu09.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu09.inst           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.inst      7407750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7407750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.inst      7407750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7407750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.inst      7407750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7407750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.044619                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044619                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.044619                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044619                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.044619                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044619                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.inst       145250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       145250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.inst       145250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       145250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.inst       145250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       145250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.branchPred.lookups                 10585                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu10.branchPred.condPredicted            9964                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu10.branchPred.condIncorrect             139                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu10.branchPred.BTBLookups               8664                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu10.branchPred.BTBHits                  5322                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu10.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu10.branchPred.BTBHitPct           61.426593                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu10.branchPred.usedRAS                   267                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu10.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                          35540                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.fetch.icacheStallCycles             2746                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu10.fetch.Insts                        43528                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu10.fetch.Branches                     10585                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu10.fetch.predictedBranches             5589                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu10.fetch.Cycles                       24328                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu10.fetch.SquashCycles                   371                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu10.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu10.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu10.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu10.fetch.CacheLines                    1073                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu10.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  59                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::samples            27281                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.685899                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::stdev           3.172101                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::0                  20846     76.41%     76.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::1                    262      0.96%     77.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::2                     68      0.25%     77.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::3                    272      1.00%     78.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::4                    187      0.69%     79.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::5                    240      0.88%     80.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::6                    167      0.61%     80.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::7                     83      0.30%     81.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::8                   5156     18.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::total              27281                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.branchRate                0.297833                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu10.fetch.rate                      1.224761                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu10.decode.IdleCycles                   3194                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu10.decode.BlockedCycles               18258                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu10.decode.RunCycles                    1395                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu10.decode.UnblockCycles                4276                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu10.decode.SquashCycles                  158                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu10.decode.BranchResolved                293                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu10.decode.BranchMispred                  27                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu10.decode.DecodedInsts                42535                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu10.decode.SquashedInsts                  93                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu10.rename.SquashCycles                  158                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu10.rename.IdleCycles                   4733                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu10.rename.BlockCycles                  1849                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu10.rename.serializeStallCycles         5094                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu10.rename.RunCycles                    4087                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu10.rename.UnblockCycles               11360                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu10.rename.RenamedInsts                41850                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu10.rename.ROBFullEvents                   3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu10.rename.IQFullEvents                11254                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu10.rename.LQFullEvents                    8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu10.rename.RenamedOperands             73215                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu10.rename.RenameLookups              202754                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu10.rename.int_rename_lookups          56058                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu10.rename.CommittedMaps               65993                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu10.rename.UndoneMaps                   7218                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu10.rename.serializingInsts               77                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu10.rename.tempSerializingInsts           75                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu10.rename.skidInsts                   20912                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu10.memDep0.insertedLoads               5762                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu10.memDep0.insertedStores              1168                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu10.memDep0.conflictingLoads             445                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu10.memDep0.conflictingStores            237                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu10.iq.iqInstsAdded                    41212                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               125                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu10.iq.iqInstsIssued                   38069                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             556                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          4323                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        16623                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        27281                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.395440                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      0.909424                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              8020     29.40%     29.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               453      1.66%     31.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             18808     68.94%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            2                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         27281                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               31756     83.42%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.01%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               5429     14.26%     97.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               881      2.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::total                38069                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.rate                         1.071159                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu10.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu10.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           103974                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           45668                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        37810                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu10.iq.int_alu_accesses                38069                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              7                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          642                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          345                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            4                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           31                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu10.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu10.iew.iewSquashCycles                  158                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu10.iew.iewBlockCycles                   465                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu10.iew.iewUnblockCycles                1310                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             41340                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              32                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                5762                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               1168                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               64                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu10.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    1                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                1309                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           50                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           72                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu10.iew.branchMispredicts                122                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu10.iew.iewExecutedInsts               37966                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                5368                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             102                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu10.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu10.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu10.iew.exec_refs                       6238                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu10.iew.exec_branches                   8931                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu10.iew.exec_stores                      870                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu10.iew.exec_rate                   1.068261                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu10.iew.wb_sent                        37873                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu10.iew.wb_count                       37810                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu10.iew.wb_producers                   27114                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu10.iew.wb_consumers                   54767                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu10.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu10.iew.wb_rate                     1.063872                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu10.iew.wb_fanout                   0.495079                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu10.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu10.commit.commitSquashedInsts          4314                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           109                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu10.commit.branchMispredicts             112                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        26659                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.388424                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.679434                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0         9962     37.37%     37.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         8947     33.56%     70.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         2038      7.64%     78.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         2624      9.84%     88.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4           72      0.27%     88.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         2661      9.98%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6           89      0.33%     99.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          136      0.51%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8          130      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        26659                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committedInsts              35741                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.commit.committedOps                37014                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu10.commit.refs                         5943                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu10.commit.loads                        5120                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu10.commit.membars                        50                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu10.commit.branches                     8795                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu10.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu10.commit.int_insts                   28441                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu10.commit.function_calls                136                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          31069     83.94%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.01%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          5120     13.83%     97.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          823      2.22%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::total           37014                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.bw_lim_events                 130                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu10.rob.rob_reads                      67324                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu10.rob.rob_writes                     83299                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu10.timesIdled                            45                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu10.idleCycles                          8259                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu10.quiesceCycles                      66182                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu10.committedInsts                     35741                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu10.committedOps                       37014                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu10.cpi                             0.994376                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu10.cpi_total                       0.994376                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu10.ipc                             1.005656                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu10.ipc_total                       1.005656                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu10.int_regfile_reads                  50652                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu10.int_regfile_writes                 15850                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu10.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu10.cc_regfile_reads                  129741                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu10.cc_regfile_writes                  51398                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu10.misc_regfile_reads                  7341                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu10.misc_regfile_writes                   77                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           7.639344                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.total_refs              5993                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              27                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.avg_refs          221.962963                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.data     7.639344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.007460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.007460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.026367                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           12319                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.data_accesses          12319                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.data         5209                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          5209                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu10.data          780                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          780                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu10.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::cpu10.data         5989                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total           5989                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::cpu10.data         5991                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total          5991                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.data           87                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           87                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu10.data           22                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           22                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu10.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu10.data           19                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           19                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu10.data            9                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            9                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::cpu10.data          109                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total          109                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::cpu10.data          110                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total          110                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu10.data      9685499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9685499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu10.data      6769000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6769000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu10.data       908919                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       908919                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu10.data        38500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        38500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu10.data       472000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       472000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu10.data     16454499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     16454499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu10.data     16454499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     16454499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.data         5296                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5296                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu10.data          802                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          802                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu10.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu10.data           19                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           19                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu10.data            9                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            9                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu10.data         6098                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total         6098                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu10.data         6101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total         6101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.016427                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016427                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.027431                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.027431                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.017875                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017875                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.018030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu10.data 111327.574713                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111327.574713                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu10.data 307681.818182                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 307681.818182                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu10.data 47837.842105                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47837.842105                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu10.data  4277.777778                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4277.777778                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu10.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu10.data 150958.706422                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 150958.706422                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu10.data 149586.354545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 149586.354545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           20                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          124                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           20                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          124                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu10.data           58                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           58                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu10.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu10.data           73                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           73                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu10.data           73                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           73                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu10.data           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu10.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu10.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu10.data           19                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           19                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu10.data            9                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu10.data           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu10.data           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.data      3453001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3453001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.data      2179750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2179750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.data         9000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.data       836581                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       836581                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.data        29500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        29500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.data       454000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       454000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.data      5632751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5632751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.data      5641751                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5641751                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.005476                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005476                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.008728                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008728                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu10.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu10.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.005904                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005904                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.006065                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006065                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.data       119069                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       119069                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.data 311392.857143                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 311392.857143                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.data         9000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.data 44030.578947                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44030.578947                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.data  3277.777778                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3277.777778                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.data 156465.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156465.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.data 152479.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 152479.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tagsinuse          13.449702                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.tags.total_refs               998                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.sampled_refs              52                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.avg_refs           19.192308                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst    13.449702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.026269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.026269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.101562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tag_accesses            2198                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.icache.tags.data_accesses           2198                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.inst          998                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           998                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::cpu10.inst          998                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total            998                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::cpu10.inst          998                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total           998                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.inst           75                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           75                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::cpu10.inst           75                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           75                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::cpu10.inst           75                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           75                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu10.inst      9562500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9562500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu10.inst      9562500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9562500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu10.inst      9562500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9562500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.inst         1073                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1073                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::cpu10.inst         1073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total         1073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::cpu10.inst         1073                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total         1073                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.069897                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.069897                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.069897                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.069897                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.069897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.069897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu10.inst       127500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       127500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu10.inst       127500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       127500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu10.inst       127500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       127500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          168                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          168                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu10.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu10.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu10.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu10.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu10.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu10.inst           52                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.inst      7456250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7456250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.inst      7456250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7456250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.inst      7456250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7456250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.048462                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048462                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.048462                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048462                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.048462                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048462                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.inst 143389.423077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 143389.423077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.inst 143389.423077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 143389.423077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.inst 143389.423077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 143389.423077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.branchPred.lookups                 10487                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu11.branchPred.condPredicted            9878                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu11.branchPred.condIncorrect             132                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu11.branchPred.BTBLookups               8432                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu11.branchPred.BTBHits                  5257                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu11.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu11.branchPred.BTBHitPct           62.345825                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu11.branchPred.usedRAS                   264                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu11.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                          35022                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.fetch.icacheStallCycles             2786                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu11.fetch.Insts                        43044                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu11.fetch.Branches                     10487                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu11.fetch.predictedBranches             5521                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu11.fetch.Cycles                       23580                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu11.fetch.SquashCycles                   355                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu11.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu11.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu11.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu11.fetch.CacheLines                    1035                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu11.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  54                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::samples            26565                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.711575                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::stdev           3.192136                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::0                  20224     76.13%     76.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::1                    254      0.96%     77.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::2                     59      0.22%     77.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::3                    265      1.00%     78.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::4                    183      0.69%     78.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::5                    218      0.82%     79.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::6                    168      0.63%     80.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::7                     81      0.30%     80.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::8                   5113     19.25%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::total              26565                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.branchRate                0.299440                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu11.fetch.rate                      1.229056                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu11.decode.IdleCycles                   3109                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu11.decode.BlockedCycles               17705                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu11.decode.RunCycles                    1377                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu11.decode.UnblockCycles                4224                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu11.decode.SquashCycles                  150                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu11.decode.BranchResolved                285                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu11.decode.BranchMispred                  27                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu11.decode.DecodedInsts                42060                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu11.decode.SquashedInsts                  93                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu11.rename.SquashCycles                  150                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu11.rename.IdleCycles                   4626                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu11.rename.BlockCycles                  2792                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu11.rename.serializeStallCycles         3712                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu11.rename.RunCycles                    4040                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu11.rename.UnblockCycles               11245                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu11.rename.RenamedInsts                41424                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu11.rename.ROBFullEvents                   3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu11.rename.IQFullEvents                11152                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu11.rename.LQFullEvents                    8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu11.rename.RenamedOperands             72570                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu11.rename.RenameLookups              200684                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu11.rename.int_rename_lookups          55491                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu11.rename.CommittedMaps               65265                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu11.rename.UndoneMaps                   7304                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu11.rename.serializingInsts               68                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu11.rename.tempSerializingInsts           66                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu11.rename.skidInsts                   20713                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu11.memDep0.insertedLoads               5725                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu11.memDep0.insertedStores              1147                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu11.memDep0.conflictingLoads             467                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu11.memDep0.conflictingStores            239                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu11.iq.iqInstsAdded                    40880                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               111                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu11.iq.iqInstsIssued                   37680                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             554                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          4371                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        16823                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           10                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        26565                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.418408                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      0.899782                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              7521     28.31%     28.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               408      1.54%     29.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             18636     70.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            2                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         26565                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               31422     83.39%     83.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.01%     83.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     83.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     83.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     83.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     83.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     83.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     83.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     83.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     83.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     83.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     83.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     83.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     83.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     83.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     83.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     83.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     83.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     83.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     83.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     83.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     83.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     83.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               5386     14.29%     97.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               869      2.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::total                37680                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.rate                         1.075895                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu11.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu11.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           102477                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           45366                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        37430                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu11.iq.int_alu_accesses                37680                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              8                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          649                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            4                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          328                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            4                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           30                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu11.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu11.iew.iewSquashCycles                  150                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu11.iew.iewBlockCycles                   468                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu11.iew.iewUnblockCycles                2178                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             40994                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               8                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                5725                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               1147                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               54                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu11.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    1                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                2177                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            4                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           48                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           67                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu11.iew.branchMispredicts                115                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu11.iew.iewExecutedInsts               37584                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                5326                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              94                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu11.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu11.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu11.iew.exec_refs                       6185                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu11.iew.exec_branches                   8829                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu11.iew.exec_stores                      859                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu11.iew.exec_rate                   1.073154                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu11.iew.wb_sent                        37491                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu11.iew.wb_count                       37430                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu11.iew.wb_producers                   26860                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu11.iew.wb_consumers                   54288                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu11.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu11.iew.wb_rate                     1.068757                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu11.iew.wb_fanout                   0.494769                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu11.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu11.commit.commitSquashedInsts          4310                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           101                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu11.commit.branchMispredicts             105                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        25948                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.411284                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.693890                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0         9517     36.68%     36.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         8771     33.80%     70.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         2019      7.78%     78.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         2578      9.94%     88.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4           15      0.06%     88.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         2682     10.34%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6           91      0.35%     98.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          139      0.54%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8          136      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        25948                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committedInsts              35338                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.commit.committedOps                36620                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu11.commit.refs                         5895                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu11.commit.loads                        5076                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu11.commit.membars                        51                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu11.commit.branches                     8695                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu11.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu11.commit.int_insts                   28148                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu11.commit.function_calls                137                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          30723     83.90%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.01%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          5076     13.86%     97.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          819      2.24%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::total           36620                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.bw_lim_events                 136                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu11.rob.rob_reads                      66209                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu11.rob.rob_writes                     82543                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu11.timesIdled                            44                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu11.idleCycles                          8457                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu11.quiesceCycles                      66700                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu11.committedInsts                     35338                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu11.committedOps                       36620                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu11.cpi                             0.991058                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu11.cpi_total                       0.991058                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu11.ipc                             1.009023                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu11.ipc_total                       1.009023                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu11.int_regfile_reads                  50140                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu11.int_regfile_writes                 15715                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu11.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu11.cc_regfile_reads                  128445                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu11.cc_regfile_writes                  50856                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu11.misc_regfile_reads                  7295                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu11.misc_regfile_writes                   39                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           7.799164                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.total_refs              5965                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              27                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.avg_refs          220.925926                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.data     7.799164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.007616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.007616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.026367                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           12220                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.data_accesses          12220                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.data         5173                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          5173                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu11.data          788                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          788                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu11.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::cpu11.data         5961                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total           5961                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::cpu11.data         5963                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total          5963                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.data           90                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           90                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu11.data           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu11.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu11.data            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu11.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::cpu11.data          109                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total          109                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::cpu11.data          110                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total          110                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu11.data     11031750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11031750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu11.data      8187250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8187250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu11.data       526989                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       526989                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu11.data        37500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        37500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu11.data        97000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        97000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu11.data     19219000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     19219000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu11.data     19219000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     19219000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.data         5263                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5263                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu11.data          807                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          807                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu11.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu11.data            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu11.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu11.data         6070                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total         6070                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu11.data         6073                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total         6073                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.017101                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.017101                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.023544                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.023544                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.017957                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017957                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.018113                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018113                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu11.data       122575                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       122575                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu11.data 430907.894737                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 430907.894737                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu11.data 58554.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58554.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu11.data         7500                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total         7500                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu11.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu11.data 176321.100917                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176321.100917                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu11.data 174718.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 174718.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          195                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          195                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu11.data           62                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           62                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu11.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu11.data           74                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           74                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu11.data           74                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           74                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu11.data           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu11.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu11.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu11.data            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu11.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu11.data           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu11.data           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.data      3406250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3406250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.data      2585000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2585000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.data         9000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.data       495011                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       495011                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.data        28500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        28500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.data        91000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        91000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.data      5991250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5991250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.data      6000250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6000250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.005320                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005320                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.008674                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008674                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu11.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu11.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.005766                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005766                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.005928                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005928                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.data 121651.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121651.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.data 369285.714286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 369285.714286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.data         9000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.data 55001.222222                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55001.222222                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.data         5700                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         5700                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.data 171178.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171178.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.data 166673.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166673.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tagsinuse          13.066737                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.tags.total_refs               963                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.sampled_refs              51                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.avg_refs           18.882353                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst    13.066737                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.025521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.025521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.099609                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tag_accesses            2121                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.icache.tags.data_accesses           2121                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.inst          963                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           963                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::cpu11.inst          963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total            963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::cpu11.inst          963                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total           963                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.inst           72                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           72                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::cpu11.inst           72                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           72                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::cpu11.inst           72                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           72                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu11.inst      9166250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9166250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu11.inst      9166250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9166250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu11.inst      9166250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9166250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.inst         1035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::cpu11.inst         1035                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total         1035                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::cpu11.inst         1035                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total         1035                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.069565                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.069565                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.069565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.069565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.069565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.069565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu11.inst 127309.027778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127309.027778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu11.inst 127309.027778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 127309.027778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu11.inst 127309.027778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 127309.027778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          129                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          129                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu11.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu11.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu11.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu11.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu11.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu11.inst           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.inst      7063250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7063250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.inst      7063250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7063250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.inst      7063250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7063250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.049275                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049275                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.049275                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049275                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.049275                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049275                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.inst 138495.098039                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 138495.098039                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.inst 138495.098039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 138495.098039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.inst 138495.098039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 138495.098039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.branchPred.lookups                  9757                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu12.branchPred.condPredicted            9145                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu12.branchPred.condIncorrect             142                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu12.branchPred.BTBLookups               7880                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu12.branchPred.BTBHits                  4890                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu12.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu12.branchPred.BTBHitPct           62.055838                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu12.branchPred.usedRAS                   256                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu12.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                          34167                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.fetch.icacheStallCycles             3542                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu12.fetch.Insts                        40156                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu12.fetch.Branches                      9757                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu12.fetch.predictedBranches             5146                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu12.fetch.Cycles                       22726                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu12.fetch.SquashCycles                   367                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu12.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu12.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu12.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu12.fetch.CacheLines                    1040                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu12.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  62                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::samples            26473                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.606996                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::stdev           3.112473                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::0                  20487     77.39%     77.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::1                    254      0.96%     78.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::2                     75      0.28%     78.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::3                    255      0.96%     79.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::4                    167      0.63%     80.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::5                    261      0.99%     81.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::6                    155      0.59%     81.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::7                     82      0.31%     82.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::8                   4737     17.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::total              26473                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.branchRate                0.285568                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu12.fetch.rate                      1.175286                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu12.decode.IdleCycles                   2965                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu12.decode.BlockedCycles               18116                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu12.decode.RunCycles                    1344                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu12.decode.UnblockCycles                3895                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu12.decode.SquashCycles                  153                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu12.decode.BranchResolved                282                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu12.decode.BranchMispred                  30                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu12.decode.DecodedInsts                39186                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu12.decode.SquashedInsts                 106                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu12.rename.SquashCycles                  153                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu12.rename.IdleCycles                   4377                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu12.rename.BlockCycles                   582                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu12.rename.serializeStallCycles         7241                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu12.rename.RunCycles                    3788                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu12.rename.UnblockCycles               10332                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu12.rename.RenamedInsts                38504                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu12.rename.ROBFullEvents                   3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu12.rename.IQFullEvents                10217                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu12.rename.RenamedOperands             67085                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu12.rename.RenameLookups              186460                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu12.rename.int_rename_lookups          51466                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu12.rename.CommittedMaps               60279                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu12.rename.UndoneMaps                   6795                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu12.rename.serializingInsts               95                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu12.rename.tempSerializingInsts           93                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu12.rename.skidInsts                   19081                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu12.memDep0.insertedLoads               5304                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu12.memDep0.insertedStores              1126                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu12.memDep0.conflictingLoads             412                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu12.memDep0.conflictingStores            226                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu12.iq.iqInstsAdded                    37827                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               145                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu12.iq.iqInstsIssued                   34857                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             525                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          4068                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        15822                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           22                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        26473                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.316700                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      0.938675                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              8798     33.23%     33.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               493      1.86%     35.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             17182     64.90%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            2                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         26473                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               29016     83.24%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.01%     83.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     83.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     83.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     83.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     83.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     83.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     83.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     83.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     83.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     83.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     83.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     83.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     83.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     83.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     83.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     83.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     83.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     83.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     83.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     83.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     83.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     83.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               4982     14.29%     97.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               856      2.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::total                34857                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.rate                         1.020195                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu12.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu12.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            96710                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           42043                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        34601                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu12.iq.int_alu_accesses                34857                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              4                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          593                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            3                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          333                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            4                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           30                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu12.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu12.iew.iewSquashCycles                  153                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu12.iew.iewBlockCycles                   422                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu12.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             37975                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              64                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                5304                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               1126                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               81                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu12.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                   0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            3                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           46                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           74                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu12.iew.branchMispredicts                120                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu12.iew.iewExecutedInsts               34749                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                4924                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             106                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu12.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu12.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu12.iew.exec_refs                       5767                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu12.iew.exec_branches                   8162                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu12.iew.exec_stores                      843                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu12.iew.exec_rate                   1.017034                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu12.iew.wb_sent                        34651                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu12.iew.wb_count                       34601                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu12.iew.wb_producers                   24729                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu12.iew.wb_consumers                   49909                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu12.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu12.iew.wb_rate                     1.012702                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu12.iew.wb_fanout                   0.495482                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu12.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu12.commit.commitSquashedInsts          4006                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           123                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu12.commit.branchMispredicts             112                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        25898                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.309136                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.661991                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        10560     40.78%     40.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         8259     31.89%     72.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         1870      7.22%     79.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         2387      9.22%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4           83      0.32%     89.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         2400      9.27%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6           86      0.33%     99.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          128      0.49%     99.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8          125      0.48%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        25898                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committedInsts              32709                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.commit.committedOps                33904                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu12.commit.refs                         5504                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu12.commit.loads                        4711                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu12.commit.membars                        48                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu12.commit.branches                     8039                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu12.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu12.commit.int_insts                   26073                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu12.commit.function_calls                128                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          28398     83.76%     83.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.01%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          4711     13.90%     97.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          793      2.34%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::total           33904                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.bw_lim_events                 125                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu12.rob.rob_reads                      63189                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu12.rob.rob_writes                     76461                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu12.timesIdled                            40                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu12.idleCycles                          7694                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu12.quiesceCycles                      67555                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu12.committedInsts                     32709                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu12.committedOps                       33904                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu12.cpi                             1.044575                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu12.cpi_total                       1.044575                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu12.ipc                             0.957327                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu12.ipc_total                       0.957327                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu12.int_regfile_reads                  46275                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu12.int_regfile_writes                 14545                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu12.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu12.cc_regfile_reads                  118821                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu12.cc_regfile_writes                  46831                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu12.misc_regfile_reads                  6941                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu12.misc_regfile_writes                  154                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           7.474616                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.total_refs              5504                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              27                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.avg_refs          203.851852                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.data     7.474616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.007299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.007299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.026367                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           11371                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.data_accesses          11371                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.data         4766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          4766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu12.data          734                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          734                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu12.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu12.data            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::cpu12.data         5500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total           5500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::cpu12.data         5502                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total          5502                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.data           76                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           76                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu12.data           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu12.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu12.data           33                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           33                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu12.data           11                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           11                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::cpu12.data           95                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total           95                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::cpu12.data           96                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total           96                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu12.data      6867618                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6867618                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu12.data      3618250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3618250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu12.data      1283411                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1283411                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu12.data        41499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        41499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu12.data       856999                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       856999                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu12.data     10485868                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     10485868                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu12.data     10485868                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     10485868                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.data         4842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu12.data          753                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          753                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu12.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu12.data           38                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           38                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu12.data           11                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           11                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu12.data         5595                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total         5595                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu12.data         5598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total         5598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.015696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.025232                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.025232                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.868421                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.868421                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.016979                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016979                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.017149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu12.data 90363.394737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90363.394737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu12.data 190434.210526                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 190434.210526                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu12.data 38891.242424                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38891.242424                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu12.data  3772.636364                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  3772.636364                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu12.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu12.data 110377.557895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110377.557895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu12.data 109227.791667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109227.791667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          222                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          222                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu12.data           47                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           47                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu12.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu12.data           59                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu12.data           59                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           59                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu12.data           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu12.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu12.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu12.data           33                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu12.data           11                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu12.data           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu12.data           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.data      2307012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2307012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.data      1268500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1268500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.data         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.data      1167089                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1167089                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.data        31001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        31001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.data       831501                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       831501                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.data      3575512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3575512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.data      3585012                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3585012                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.005989                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005989                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.009296                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009296                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.868421                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.868421                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu12.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.006434                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006434                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.006610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.data 79552.137931                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79552.137931                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.data 181214.285714                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181214.285714                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.data         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.data 35366.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35366.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.data  2818.272727                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  2818.272727                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.data 99319.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99319.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.data 96892.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96892.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tags.tagsinuse          13.521525                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.tags.total_refs               961                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.sampled_refs              56                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.avg_refs           17.160714                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst    13.521525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.026409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.026409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.109375                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.tag_accesses            2136                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.icache.tags.data_accesses           2136                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.inst          961                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           961                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::cpu12.inst          961                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total            961                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::cpu12.inst          961                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total           961                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.inst           79                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           79                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::cpu12.inst           79                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           79                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::cpu12.inst           79                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           79                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu12.inst     10735250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10735250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu12.inst     10735250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10735250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu12.inst     10735250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10735250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.inst         1040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::cpu12.inst         1040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total         1040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::cpu12.inst         1040                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total         1040                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.075962                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.075962                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.075962                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.075962                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.075962                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.075962                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu12.inst 135889.240506                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 135889.240506                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu12.inst 135889.240506                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 135889.240506                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu12.inst 135889.240506                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 135889.240506                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          130                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           65                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu12.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu12.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu12.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu12.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu12.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu12.inst           56                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           56                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.inst      8307250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8307250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.inst      8307250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8307250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.inst      8307250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8307250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.053846                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053846                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.053846                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053846                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.053846                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053846                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.inst 148343.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 148343.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.inst 148343.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 148343.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.inst 148343.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 148343.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.branchPred.lookups                  9346                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu13.branchPred.condPredicted            8740                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu13.branchPred.condIncorrect             144                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu13.branchPred.BTBLookups               7558                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu13.branchPred.BTBHits                  4675                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu13.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu13.branchPred.BTBHitPct           61.854988                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu13.branchPred.usedRAS                   248                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu13.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                          33407                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.fetch.icacheStallCycles             2976                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu13.fetch.Insts                        38604                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu13.fetch.Branches                      9346                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu13.fetch.predictedBranches             4923                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu13.fetch.Cycles                       22111                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu13.fetch.SquashCycles                   369                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu13.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu13.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           30                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu13.fetch.CacheLines                    1032                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu13.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  61                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::samples            25311                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.617676                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::stdev           3.117628                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::0                  19540     77.20%     77.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::1                    246      0.97%     78.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::2                     67      0.26%     78.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::3                    251      0.99%     79.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::4                    164      0.65%     80.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::5                    268      1.06%     81.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::6                    151      0.60%     81.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::7                     82      0.32%     82.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::8                   4542     17.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::total              25311                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.branchRate                0.279762                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu13.fetch.rate                      1.155566                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu13.decode.IdleCycles                   2965                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu13.decode.BlockedCycles               17157                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu13.decode.RunCycles                    1316                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu13.decode.UnblockCycles                3719                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu13.decode.SquashCycles                  154                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu13.decode.BranchResolved                276                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu13.decode.BranchMispred                  30                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu13.decode.DecodedInsts                37632                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu13.decode.SquashedInsts                 101                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu13.rename.SquashCycles                  154                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu13.rename.IdleCycles                   4317                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu13.rename.BlockCycles                  1109                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu13.rename.serializeStallCycles         6216                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu13.rename.RunCycles                    3645                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu13.rename.UnblockCycles                9870                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu13.rename.RenamedInsts                36939                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu13.rename.ROBFullEvents                   3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu13.rename.IQFullEvents                 9756                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu13.rename.LQFullEvents                    8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu13.rename.RenamedOperands             64196                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu13.rename.RenameLookups              178857                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu13.rename.int_rename_lookups          49359                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu13.rename.CommittedMaps               57500                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu13.rename.UndoneMaps                   6694                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu13.rename.serializingInsts               92                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu13.rename.tempSerializingInsts           90                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu13.rename.skidInsts                   18253                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu13.memDep0.insertedLoads               5103                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu13.memDep0.insertedStores              1100                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu13.memDep0.conflictingLoads             388                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu13.memDep0.conflictingStores            205                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu13.iq.iqInstsAdded                    36254                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               143                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu13.iq.iqInstsIssued                   33368                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             515                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          4062                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        15442                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           24                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        25311                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.318320                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      0.937651                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              8380     33.11%     33.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               494      1.95%     35.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             16437     64.94%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            2                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         25311                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               27749     83.16%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.01%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               4790     14.36%     97.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               826      2.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::total                33368                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.rate                         0.998833                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu13.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu13.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            92560                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           40463                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        33100                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu13.iq.int_alu_accesses                33368                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              8                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          614                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            4                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          343                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            4                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           30                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu13.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu13.iew.iewSquashCycles                  154                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu13.iew.iewBlockCycles                   425                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu13.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 630                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             36400                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              80                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                5103                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               1100                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               80                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu13.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    1                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 629                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            4                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           45                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           79                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu13.iew.branchMispredicts                124                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu13.iew.iewExecutedInsts               33259                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                4736                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             107                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu13.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu13.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu13.iew.exec_refs                       5548                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu13.iew.exec_branches                   7797                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu13.iew.exec_stores                      812                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu13.iew.exec_rate                   0.995570                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu13.iew.wb_sent                        33159                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu13.iew.wb_count                       33100                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu13.iew.wb_producers                   23654                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu13.iew.wb_consumers                   47718                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu13.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu13.iew.wb_rate                     0.990810                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu13.iew.wb_fanout                   0.495704                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu13.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu13.commit.commitSquashedInsts          3997                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           119                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu13.commit.branchMispredicts             114                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        24733                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.307363                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.661679                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        10110     40.88%     40.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         7871     31.82%     72.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         1783      7.21%     79.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         2277      9.21%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4           68      0.27%     89.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         2307      9.33%     98.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6           78      0.32%     99.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          120      0.49%     99.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8          119      0.48%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        24733                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committedInsts              31198                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.commit.committedOps                32335                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu13.commit.refs                         5246                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu13.commit.loads                        4489                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu13.commit.membars                        46                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu13.commit.branches                     7669                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu13.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu13.commit.int_insts                   24864                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu13.commit.function_calls                122                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          27087     83.77%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.01%     83.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     83.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     83.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     83.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     83.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     83.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     83.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     83.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     83.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          4489     13.88%     97.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          757      2.34%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::total           32335                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.bw_lim_events                 119                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu13.rob.rob_reads                      60478                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu13.rob.rob_writes                     73311                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu13.timesIdled                            42                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu13.idleCycles                          8096                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu13.quiesceCycles                      68315                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu13.committedInsts                     31198                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu13.committedOps                       32335                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu13.cpi                             1.070806                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu13.cpi_total                       1.070806                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu13.ipc                             0.933876                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu13.ipc_total                       0.933876                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu13.int_regfile_reads                  44279                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu13.int_regfile_writes                 13946                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu13.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu13.cc_regfile_reads                  113763                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu13.cc_regfile_writes                  44736                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu13.misc_regfile_reads                  6695                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu13.misc_regfile_writes                  152                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           7.324451                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.total_refs              5276                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              28                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.avg_refs          188.428571                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.data     7.324451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.007153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.007153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.027344                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           10907                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.data_accesses          10907                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.data         4567                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          4567                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu13.data          695                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          695                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu13.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu13.data            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::cpu13.data         5262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total           5262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::cpu13.data         5264                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total          5264                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.data           76                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           76                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu13.data           22                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           22                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu13.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu13.data           34                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           34                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu13.data           12                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           12                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::cpu13.data           98                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total           98                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::cpu13.data           99                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total           99                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu13.data      8206000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8206000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu13.data      5633000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5633000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu13.data      1254880                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1254880                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu13.data        37999                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        37999                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu13.data       582501                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       582501                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu13.data     13839000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     13839000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu13.data     13839000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     13839000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.data         4643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu13.data          717                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          717                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu13.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu13.data           39                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           39                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu13.data           12                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           12                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu13.data         5360                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total         5360                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu13.data         5363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total         5363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.016369                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016369                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.030683                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.030683                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.871795                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.871795                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.018284                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018284                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.018460                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018460                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu13.data 107973.684211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107973.684211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu13.data 256045.454545                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 256045.454545                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu13.data 36908.235294                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36908.235294                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu13.data  3166.583333                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  3166.583333                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu13.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu13.data 141214.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 141214.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu13.data 139787.878788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 139787.878788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           13                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          111                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           13                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          111                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu13.data           47                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           47                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu13.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu13.data           62                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           62                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu13.data           62                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           62                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu13.data           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu13.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu13.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu13.data           34                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu13.data           12                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu13.data           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu13.data           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.data      3109000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3109000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.data      1783000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1783000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.data         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.data      1131620                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1131620                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.data        27501                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        27501                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.data       554999                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       554999                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.data      4892000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4892000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.data      4901500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4901500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.006246                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006246                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.009763                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009763                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.871795                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.871795                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu13.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.006716                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006716                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.006899                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006899                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.data 107206.896552                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107206.896552                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.data 254714.285714                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 254714.285714                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.data         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.data 33282.941176                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33282.941176                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.data  2291.750000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  2291.750000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.data 135888.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 135888.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.data 132472.972973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 132472.972973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tags.tagsinuse          12.943410                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.tags.total_refs               955                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.sampled_refs              55                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.avg_refs           17.363636                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst    12.943410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.025280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.025280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.107422                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.tag_accesses            2119                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.icache.tags.data_accesses           2119                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.inst          955                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           955                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::cpu13.inst          955                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total            955                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::cpu13.inst          955                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total           955                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.inst           77                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           77                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::cpu13.inst           77                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           77                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::cpu13.inst           77                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           77                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu13.inst      9726000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9726000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu13.inst      9726000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9726000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu13.inst      9726000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9726000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.inst         1032                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1032                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::cpu13.inst         1032                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total         1032                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::cpu13.inst         1032                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total         1032                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.074612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.074612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.074612                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.074612                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.074612                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.074612                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu13.inst 126311.688312                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126311.688312                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu13.inst 126311.688312                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 126311.688312                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu13.inst 126311.688312                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 126311.688312                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          184                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           92                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu13.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu13.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu13.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu13.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu13.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu13.inst           55                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           55                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.inst      7720250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7720250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.inst      7720250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7720250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.inst      7720250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7720250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.053295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.053295                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053295                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.053295                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053295                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.inst 140368.181818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 140368.181818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.inst 140368.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 140368.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.inst 140368.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 140368.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.branchPred.lookups                  9327                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu14.branchPred.condPredicted            8752                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu14.branchPred.condIncorrect             138                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu14.branchPred.BTBLookups               7223                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu14.branchPred.BTBHits                  4664                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu14.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu14.branchPred.BTBHitPct           64.571508                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu14.branchPred.usedRAS                   239                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu14.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                          32530                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.fetch.icacheStallCycles             3011                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu14.fetch.Insts                        38359                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu14.fetch.Branches                      9327                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu14.fetch.predictedBranches             4903                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu14.fetch.Cycles                       21122                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu14.fetch.SquashCycles                   353                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu14.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu14.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu14.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu14.fetch.CacheLines                     974                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu14.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  59                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::samples            24331                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.668160                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::stdev           3.158042                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::0                  18638     76.60%     76.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::1                    239      0.98%     77.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::2                     71      0.29%     77.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::3                    231      0.95%     78.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::4                    152      0.62%     79.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::5                    240      0.99%     80.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::6                    146      0.60%     81.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::7                     82      0.34%     81.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::8                   4532     18.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::total              24331                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.branchRate                0.286720                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu14.fetch.rate                      1.179188                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu14.decode.IdleCycles                   2912                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu14.decode.BlockedCycles               16266                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu14.decode.RunCycles                    1271                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu14.decode.UnblockCycles                3734                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu14.decode.SquashCycles                  148                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu14.decode.BranchResolved                267                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu14.decode.BranchMispred                  28                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu14.decode.DecodedInsts                37465                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu14.decode.SquashedInsts                 101                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu14.rename.SquashCycles                  148                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu14.rename.IdleCycles                   4266                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu14.rename.BlockCycles                   661                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu14.rename.serializeStallCycles         5724                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu14.rename.RunCycles                    3614                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu14.rename.UnblockCycles                9918                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu14.rename.RenamedInsts                36815                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu14.rename.ROBFullEvents                   3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu14.rename.IQFullEvents                 9822                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu14.rename.RenamedOperands             64253                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu14.rename.RenameLookups              178314                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu14.rename.int_rename_lookups          49251                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu14.rename.CommittedMaps               57833                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu14.rename.UndoneMaps                   6419                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu14.rename.serializingInsts               79                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu14.rename.tempSerializingInsts           77                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu14.rename.skidInsts                   18276                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu14.memDep0.insertedLoads               5051                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu14.memDep0.insertedStores              1043                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu14.memDep0.conflictingLoads             370                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu14.memDep0.conflictingStores            190                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu14.iq.iqInstsAdded                    36179                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               126                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu14.iq.iqInstsIssued                   33368                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             490                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          3853                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        14941                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           23                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        24331                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.371419                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      0.918873                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              7431     30.54%     30.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               432      1.78%     32.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             16468     67.68%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            2                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         24331                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               27833     83.41%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.01%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               4753     14.24%     97.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               779      2.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::total                33368                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.rate                         1.025761                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu14.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu14.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            91555                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           40161                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        33119                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu14.iq.int_alu_accesses                33368                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              3                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          561                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            3                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          318                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            4                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           30                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu14.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu14.iew.iewSquashCycles                  148                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu14.iew.iewBlockCycles                   399                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu14.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             36308                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              64                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                5051                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               1043                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               66                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu14.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                   0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            3                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           44                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           76                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu14.iew.branchMispredicts                120                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu14.iew.iewExecutedInsts               33269                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                4700                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              97                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu14.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu14.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu14.iew.exec_refs                       5468                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu14.iew.exec_branches                   7830                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu14.iew.exec_stores                      768                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu14.iew.exec_rate                   1.022717                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu14.iew.wb_sent                        33169                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu14.iew.wb_count                       33119                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu14.iew.wb_producers                   23716                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu14.iew.wb_consumers                   47871                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu14.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu14.iew.wb_rate                     1.018106                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu14.iew.wb_fanout                   0.495415                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu14.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu14.commit.commitSquashedInsts          3792                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           103                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu14.commit.branchMispredicts             110                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        23784                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.364447                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.669831                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0         9101     38.27%     38.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         7885     33.15%     71.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         1788      7.52%     78.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         2305      9.69%     88.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          104      0.44%     89.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         2291      9.63%     98.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6           79      0.33%     99.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          117      0.49%     99.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8          114      0.48%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        23784                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committedInsts              31344                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.commit.committedOps                32452                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu14.commit.refs                         5215                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu14.commit.loads                        4490                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu14.commit.membars                        45                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu14.commit.branches                     7711                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu14.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu14.commit.int_insts                   24934                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu14.commit.function_calls                119                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          27235     83.92%     83.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.01%     83.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     83.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     83.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     83.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     83.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     83.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     83.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     83.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     83.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          4490     13.84%     97.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          725      2.23%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::total           32452                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.bw_lim_events                 114                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu14.rob.rob_reads                      59459                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu14.rob.rob_writes                     73101                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu14.timesIdled                            42                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu14.idleCycles                          8199                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu14.quiesceCycles                      69192                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu14.committedInsts                     31344                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu14.committedOps                       32452                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu14.cpi                             1.037838                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu14.cpi_total                       1.037838                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu14.ipc                             0.963541                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu14.ipc_total                       0.963541                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu14.int_regfile_reads                  44357                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu14.int_regfile_writes                 13876                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu14.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu14.cc_regfile_reads                  113661                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu14.cc_regfile_writes                  45016                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu14.misc_regfile_reads                  6581                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu14.misc_regfile_writes                   94                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           6.825897                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.total_refs              5242                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              26                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.avg_refs          201.615385                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.data     6.825897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.006666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.006666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.025391                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           10787                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.data_accesses          10787                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.data         4558                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          4558                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu14.data          680                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          680                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu14.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu14.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::cpu14.data         5238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total           5238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::cpu14.data         5240                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total          5240                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.data           73                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           73                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu14.data           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu14.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu14.data           24                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           24                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu14.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::cpu14.data           92                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total           92                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::cpu14.data           93                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total           93                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu14.data      7648999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7648999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu14.data      3446750                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3446750                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu14.data      1345949                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1345949                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu14.data       120500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       120500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu14.data       304000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       304000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu14.data     11095749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     11095749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu14.data     11095749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     11095749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.data         4631                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4631                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu14.data          699                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          699                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu14.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu14.data           25                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           25                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu14.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu14.data         5330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total         5330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu14.data         5333                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total         5333                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.015763                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015763                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.027182                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.027182                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.960000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.960000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.017261                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017261                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.017439                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017439                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu14.data 104780.808219                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104780.808219                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu14.data 181407.894737                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 181407.894737                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu14.data 56081.208333                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56081.208333                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu14.data        24100                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        24100                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu14.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu14.data 120605.967391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120605.967391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu14.data 119309.129032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119309.129032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          327                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          327                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu14.data           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu14.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu14.data           57                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu14.data           57                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           57                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu14.data           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu14.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu14.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu14.data           24                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu14.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu14.data           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu14.data           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.data      2708251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2708251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.data       979250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       979250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.data         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.data      1263051                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1263051                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.data       111500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       111500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.data       298000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       298000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.data      3687501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3687501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.data      3697001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3697001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.006046                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006046                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.010014                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010014                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu14.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.006567                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006567                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.006750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.data 96723.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96723.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.data 139892.857143                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 139892.857143                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.data         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.data 52627.125000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52627.125000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.data        22300                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        22300                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.data 105357.171429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105357.171429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.data 102694.472222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102694.472222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tags.tagsinuse          12.311684                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.tags.total_refs               898                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.sampled_refs              52                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.avg_refs           17.269231                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst    12.311684                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.024046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.024046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.101562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.tag_accesses            2000                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.icache.tags.data_accesses           2000                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.inst          898                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           898                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::cpu14.inst          898                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total            898                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::cpu14.inst          898                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total           898                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.inst           76                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           76                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::cpu14.inst           76                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           76                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::cpu14.inst           76                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           76                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu14.inst     10297750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10297750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu14.inst     10297750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10297750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu14.inst     10297750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10297750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.inst          974                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          974                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::cpu14.inst          974                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total          974                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::cpu14.inst          974                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total          974                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.078029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.078029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.078029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.078029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.078029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.078029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu14.inst 135496.710526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 135496.710526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu14.inst 135496.710526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 135496.710526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu14.inst 135496.710526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 135496.710526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          178                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          178                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu14.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu14.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu14.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu14.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu14.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu14.inst           52                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.inst      8032500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8032500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.inst      8032500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8032500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.inst      8032500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8032500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.053388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.053388                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053388                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.053388                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053388                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.inst 154471.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154471.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.inst 154471.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154471.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.inst 154471.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154471.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.branchPred.lookups                  9425                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu15.branchPred.condPredicted            8837                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu15.branchPred.condIncorrect             139                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu15.branchPred.BTBLookups               7193                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu15.branchPred.BTBHits                  4712                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu15.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu15.branchPred.BTBHitPct           65.508133                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu15.branchPred.usedRAS                   244                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu15.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                          31739                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.fetch.icacheStallCycles             3088                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu15.fetch.Insts                        38770                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu15.fetch.Branches                      9425                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu15.fetch.predictedBranches             4956                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu15.fetch.Cycles                       20647                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu15.fetch.SquashCycles                   359                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu15.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu15.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu15.fetch.CacheLines                     998                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu15.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  60                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::samples            23936                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.715491                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::stdev           3.189735                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::0                  18175     75.93%     75.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::1                    241      1.01%     76.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::2                     73      0.30%     77.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::3                    238      0.99%     78.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::4                    155      0.65%     78.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::5                    237      0.99%     79.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::6                    149      0.62%     80.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::7                     82      0.34%     80.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::8                   4586     19.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::total              23936                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.branchRate                0.296953                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu15.fetch.rate                      1.221526                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu15.decode.IdleCycles                   2915                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu15.decode.BlockedCycles               15806                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu15.decode.RunCycles                    1301                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu15.decode.UnblockCycles                3763                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu15.decode.SquashCycles                  151                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu15.decode.BranchResolved                275                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu15.decode.BranchMispred                  29                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu15.decode.DecodedInsts                37878                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu15.decode.SquashedInsts                 101                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu15.rename.SquashCycles                  151                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu15.rename.IdleCycles                   4281                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu15.rename.BlockCycles                   446                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu15.rename.serializeStallCycles         5408                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu15.rename.RunCycles                    3660                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu15.rename.UnblockCycles                9990                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu15.rename.RenamedInsts                37217                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu15.rename.ROBFullEvents                   4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu15.rename.IQFullEvents                 9898                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu15.rename.RenamedOperands             64881                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu15.rename.RenameLookups              180277                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu15.rename.int_rename_lookups          49793                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu15.rename.CommittedMaps               58315                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu15.rename.UndoneMaps                   6565                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu15.rename.serializingInsts               71                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu15.rename.tempSerializingInsts           69                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu15.rename.skidInsts                   18363                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu15.memDep0.insertedLoads               5104                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu15.memDep0.insertedStores              1071                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu15.memDep0.conflictingLoads             381                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu15.memDep0.conflictingStores            195                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu15.iq.iqInstsAdded                    36557                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               118                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu15.iq.iqInstsIssued                   33644                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             514                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          3943                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        15379                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           22                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        23936                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.405582                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      0.904521                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              6906     28.85%     28.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               416      1.74%     30.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             16614     69.41%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            2                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         23936                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               28059     83.40%     83.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.01%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               4794     14.25%     97.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               788      2.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::total                33644                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.rate                         1.060021                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu15.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu15.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            91736                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           40625                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        33403                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu15.iq.int_alu_accesses                33644                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              3                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          571                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          337                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            5                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           25                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu15.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu15.iew.iewSquashCycles                  151                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu15.iew.iewBlockCycles                   408                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu15.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             36678                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              64                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                5104                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               1071                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               57                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu15.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                   0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           45                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           74                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu15.iew.branchMispredicts                119                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu15.iew.iewExecutedInsts               33544                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                4738                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              98                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu15.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu15.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu15.iew.exec_refs                       5515                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu15.iew.exec_branches                   7892                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu15.iew.exec_stores                      777                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu15.iew.exec_rate                   1.056870                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu15.iew.wb_sent                        33451                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu15.iew.wb_count                       33403                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu15.iew.wb_producers                   23929                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu15.iew.wb_consumers                   48356                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu15.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu15.iew.wb_rate                     1.052428                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu15.iew.wb_fanout                   0.494851                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu15.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu15.commit.commitSquashedInsts          3882                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            96                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu15.commit.branchMispredicts             111                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        23377                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.400180                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.674298                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0         8559     36.61%     36.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         7949     34.00%     70.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         1812      7.75%     78.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         2327      9.95%     88.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          126      0.54%     88.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         2293      9.81%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6           80      0.34%     99.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          119      0.51%     99.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8          112      0.48%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        23377                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committedInsts              31595                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.commit.committedOps                32732                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu15.commit.refs                         5267                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu15.commit.loads                        4533                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu15.commit.membars                        46                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu15.commit.branches                     7773                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu15.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu15.commit.int_insts                   25157                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu15.commit.function_calls                122                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          27463     83.90%     83.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.01%     83.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     83.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     83.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     83.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     83.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     83.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     83.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     83.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     83.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          4533     13.85%     97.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          734      2.24%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::total           32732                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.bw_lim_events                 112                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu15.rob.rob_reads                      59411                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu15.rob.rob_writes                     73853                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu15.timesIdled                            39                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu15.idleCycles                          7803                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu15.quiesceCycles                      69983                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu15.committedInsts                     31595                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu15.committedOps                       32732                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu15.cpi                             1.004558                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu15.cpi_total                       1.004558                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu15.ipc                             0.995463                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu15.ipc_total                       0.995463                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu15.int_regfile_reads                  44721                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu15.int_regfile_writes                 14004                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu15.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu15.cc_regfile_reads                  114591                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu15.cc_regfile_writes                  45367                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu15.misc_regfile_reads                  6623                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu15.misc_regfile_writes                   59                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           7.011520                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.total_refs              5303                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              27                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.avg_refs          196.407407                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.data     7.011520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.006847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.006847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.026367                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           10906                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.data_accesses          10906                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.data         4603                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          4603                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu15.data          696                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          696                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu15.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu15.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu15.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::cpu15.data         5299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total           5299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::cpu15.data         5301                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total          5301                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.data           78                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu15.data           21                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           21                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu15.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu15.data           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu15.data            8                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            8                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::cpu15.data           99                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total           99                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::cpu15.data          100                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total          100                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu15.data      7003434                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7003434                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu15.data      3408250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3408250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu15.data       562925                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       562925                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu15.data        25999                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        25999                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu15.data       791500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       791500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu15.data     10411684                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     10411684                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu15.data     10411684                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     10411684                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.data         4681                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4681                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu15.data          717                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          717                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu15.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu15.data           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu15.data            9                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            9                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu15.data         5398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total         5398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu15.data         5401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total         5401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.016663                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016663                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.029289                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.029289                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.888889                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.888889                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.018340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.018515                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018515                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu15.data 89787.615385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89787.615385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu15.data 162297.619048                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162297.619048                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu15.data 46910.416667                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46910.416667                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu15.data  3249.875000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  3249.875000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu15.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu15.data 105168.525253                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105168.525253                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu15.data 104116.840000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104116.840000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           88                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           88                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu15.data           49                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           49                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu15.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu15.data           63                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           63                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu15.data           63                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           63                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu15.data           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu15.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu15.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu15.data           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu15.data            8                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu15.data           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu15.data           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.data      3017257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3017257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.data      1070750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1070750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.data         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.data       517575                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       517575                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.data        18501                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        18501                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.data       773000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       773000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.data      4088007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4088007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.data      4097507                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4097507                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.006195                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006195                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.009763                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009763                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.006669                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006669                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.006851                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006851                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.data 104043.344828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104043.344828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.data 152964.285714                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 152964.285714                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.data         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.data 43131.250000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43131.250000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.data  2312.625000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  2312.625000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.data 113555.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113555.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.data 110743.432432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110743.432432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tags.tagsinuse          12.249411                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.tags.total_refs               923                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.sampled_refs              53                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.avg_refs           17.415094                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst    12.249411                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.023925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.023925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.103516                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.tag_accesses            2049                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.icache.tags.data_accesses           2049                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.inst          923                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           923                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::cpu15.inst          923                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total            923                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::cpu15.inst          923                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total           923                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.inst           75                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           75                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::cpu15.inst           75                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           75                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::cpu15.inst           75                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           75                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu15.inst      9823750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9823750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu15.inst      9823750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9823750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu15.inst      9823750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9823750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.inst          998                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          998                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::cpu15.inst          998                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total          998                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::cpu15.inst          998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total          998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.075150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.075150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.075150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.075150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.075150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.075150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu15.inst 130983.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130983.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu15.inst 130983.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130983.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu15.inst 130983.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130983.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          130                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          130                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu15.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu15.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu15.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu15.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu15.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu15.inst           53                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.inst      7633250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7633250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.inst      7633250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7633250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.inst      7633250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7633250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.053106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.053106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.053106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.inst 144023.584906                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 144023.584906                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.inst 144023.584906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 144023.584906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.inst 144023.584906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 144023.584906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu16.branchPred.lookups                  9026                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu16.branchPred.condPredicted            8483                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu16.branchPred.condIncorrect             126                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu16.branchPred.BTBLookups               6844                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu16.branchPred.BTBHits                  4505                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu16.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu16.branchPred.BTBHitPct           65.824079                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu16.branchPred.usedRAS                   231                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu16.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu16.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu16.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu16.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu16.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu16.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu16.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu16.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu16.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu16.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu16.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu16.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu16.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu16.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu16.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu16.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu16.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu16.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu16.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu16.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu16.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu16.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu16.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu16.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu16.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu16.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu16.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu16.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu16.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu16.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu16.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu16.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu16.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu16.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu16.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu16.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu16.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu16.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu16.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu16.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu16.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu16.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu16.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu16.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu16.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu16.numCycles                          31123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu16.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu16.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu16.fetch.icacheStallCycles             2505                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu16.fetch.Insts                        37076                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu16.fetch.Branches                      9026                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu16.fetch.predictedBranches             4736                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu16.fetch.Cycles                       19973                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu16.fetch.SquashCycles                   329                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu16.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu16.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu16.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu16.fetch.CacheLines                     920                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu16.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  57                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu16.fetch.rateDist::samples            22664                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu16.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.731336                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu16.fetch.rateDist::stdev           3.210902                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu16.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu16.fetch.rateDist::0                  17251     76.12%     76.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu16.fetch.rateDist::1                    161      0.71%     76.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu16.fetch.rateDist::2                     53      0.23%     77.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu16.fetch.rateDist::3                    226      1.00%     78.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu16.fetch.rateDist::4                    150      0.66%     78.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu16.fetch.rateDist::5                    194      0.86%     79.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu16.fetch.rateDist::6                    148      0.65%     80.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu16.fetch.rateDist::7                     12      0.05%     80.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu16.fetch.rateDist::8                   4469     19.72%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu16.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu16.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu16.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu16.fetch.rateDist::total              22664                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu16.fetch.branchRate                0.290011                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu16.fetch.rate                      1.191273                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu16.decode.IdleCycles                   2874                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu16.decode.BlockedCycles               14812                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu16.decode.RunCycles                    1213                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu16.decode.UnblockCycles                3628                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu16.decode.SquashCycles                  137                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu16.decode.BranchResolved                254                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu16.decode.BranchMispred                  27                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu16.decode.DecodedInsts                36307                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu16.decode.SquashedInsts                  93                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu16.rename.SquashCycles                  137                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu16.rename.IdleCycles                   4180                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu16.rename.BlockCycles                  2264                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu16.rename.serializeStallCycles         2939                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu16.rename.RunCycles                    3497                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu16.rename.UnblockCycles                9647                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu16.rename.RenamedInsts                35742                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu16.rename.ROBFullEvents                   3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu16.rename.IQFullEvents                 9565                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu16.rename.LQFullEvents                    8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu16.rename.RenamedOperands             62446                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu16.rename.RenameLookups              173110                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu16.rename.int_rename_lookups          47862                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu16.rename.CommittedMaps               56200                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu16.rename.UndoneMaps                   6246                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu16.rename.serializingInsts               61                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu16.rename.tempSerializingInsts           59                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu16.rename.skidInsts                   17827                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu16.memDep0.insertedLoads               4934                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu16.memDep0.insertedStores              1033                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu16.memDep0.conflictingLoads             368                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu16.memDep0.conflictingStores            194                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu16.iq.iqInstsAdded                    35245                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu16.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                94                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu16.iq.iqInstsIssued                   32459                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu16.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             503                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu16.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          3806                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu16.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        14716                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu16.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu16.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        22664                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu16.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.432183                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu16.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      0.892831                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu16.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu16.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              6252     27.59%     27.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu16.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               365      1.61%     29.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu16.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             16047     70.80%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu16.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu16.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu16.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            2                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu16.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         22664                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               27055     83.35%     83.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.01%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               4647     14.32%     97.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               754      2.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::total                32459                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.rate                         1.042926                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu16.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu16.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu16.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            88085                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu16.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           39150                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu16.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        32224                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu16.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu16.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu16.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu16.iq.int_alu_accesses                32459                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu16.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu16.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              8                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu16.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu16.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          573                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu16.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu16.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            5                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu16.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          329                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu16.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu16.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu16.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            4                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu16.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           30                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu16.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu16.iew.iewSquashCycles                  137                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu16.iew.iewBlockCycles                   412                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu16.iew.iewUnblockCycles                1788                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu16.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             35342                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu16.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               8                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu16.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                4934                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu16.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               1033                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu16.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               47                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu16.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    1                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu16.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                1787                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu16.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            5                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu16.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           43                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu16.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           64                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu16.iew.branchMispredicts                107                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu16.iew.iewExecutedInsts               32371                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu16.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                4593                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu16.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              88                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu16.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu16.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu16.iew.exec_refs                       5337                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu16.iew.exec_branches                   7602                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu16.iew.exec_stores                      744                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu16.iew.exec_rate                   1.040099                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu16.iew.wb_sent                        32277                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu16.iew.wb_count                       32224                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu16.iew.wb_producers                   23114                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu16.iew.wb_consumers                   46678                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu16.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu16.iew.wb_rate                     1.035376                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu16.iew.wb_fanout                   0.495180                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu16.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu16.commit.commitSquashedInsts          3808                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu16.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            86                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu16.commit.branchMispredicts              99                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu16.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        22116                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu16.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.425800                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu16.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.693963                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu16.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu16.commit.committed_per_cycle::0         7959     35.99%     35.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu16.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         7552     34.15%     70.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu16.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         1739      7.86%     78.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu16.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         2229     10.08%     88.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu16.commit.committed_per_cycle::4           28      0.13%     88.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu16.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         2299     10.40%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu16.commit.committed_per_cycle::6           76      0.34%     98.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu16.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          119      0.54%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu16.commit.committed_per_cycle::8          115      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu16.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu16.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu16.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu16.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        22116                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu16.commit.committedInsts              30437                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu16.commit.committedOps                31533                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu16.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu16.commit.refs                         5065                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu16.commit.loads                        4361                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu16.commit.membars                        44                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu16.commit.branches                     7489                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu16.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu16.commit.int_insts                   24235                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu16.commit.function_calls                118                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          26466     83.93%     83.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.01%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          4361     13.83%     97.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          704      2.23%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::total           31533                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.bw_lim_events                 115                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu16.rob.rob_reads                      56900                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu16.rob.rob_writes                     71232                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu16.timesIdled                            45                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu16.idleCycles                          8459                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu16.quiesceCycles                      70599                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu16.committedInsts                     30437                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu16.committedOps                       31533                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu16.cpi                             1.022538                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu16.cpi_total                       1.022538                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu16.ipc                             0.977958                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu16.ipc_total                       0.977958                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu16.int_regfile_reads                  43175                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu16.int_regfile_writes                 13532                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu16.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu16.cc_regfile_reads                  110598                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu16.cc_regfile_writes                  43747                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu16.misc_regfile_reads                  6409                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu16.misc_regfile_writes                   31                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu16.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu16.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           6.720847                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu16.dcache.tags.total_refs              5133                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu16.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              26                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu16.dcache.tags.avg_refs          197.423077                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu16.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu16.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu16.data     6.720847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu16.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu16.data     0.006563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu16.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.006563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu16.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu16.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu16.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu16.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.025391                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu16.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           10526                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.tags.data_accesses          10526                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu16.data         4454                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          4454                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu16.data          675                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          675                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu16.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu16.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu16.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu16.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_hits::cpu16.data         5129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_hits::total           5129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_hits::cpu16.data         5131                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_hits::total          5131                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu16.data           78                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu16.data           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu16.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu16.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu16.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu16.data            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu16.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_misses::cpu16.data           97                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_misses::total           97                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_misses::cpu16.data           98                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_misses::total           98                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu16.data      8835661                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8835661                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu16.data      7233500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7233500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu16.data       128488                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       128488                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu16.data        37499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        37499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu16.data       380499                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       380499                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu16.data     16069161                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     16069161                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu16.data     16069161                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     16069161                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu16.data         4532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu16.data          694                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          694                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu16.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu16.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu16.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu16.data            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu16.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu16.data         5226                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_accesses::total         5226                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu16.data         5229                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_accesses::total         5229                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu16.data     0.017211                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.017211                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu16.data     0.027378                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.027378                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu16.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu16.data     0.625000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.625000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu16.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu16.data     0.018561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu16.data     0.018742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu16.data 113277.705128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113277.705128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu16.data 380710.526316                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 380710.526316                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu16.data 25697.600000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25697.600000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu16.data  7499.800000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7499.800000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu16.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu16.data 165661.453608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165661.453608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu16.data 163971.030612                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163971.030612                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu16.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          121                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu16.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu16.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu16.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu16.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          121                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu16.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu16.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu16.data           50                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           50                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu16.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu16.data           62                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           62                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu16.data           62                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           62                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu16.data           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu16.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu16.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu16.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu16.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu16.data            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu16.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu16.data           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu16.data           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.data      2342258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2342258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.data      2356750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2356750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.data         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.data       112012                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       112012                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.data        27001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        27001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.data       373001                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       373001                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.data      4699008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4699008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.data      4708508                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4708508                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu16.data     0.006178                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006178                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu16.data     0.010086                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010086                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu16.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu16.data     0.625000                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.625000                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu16.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu16.data     0.006697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu16.data     0.006885                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006885                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.data 83652.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83652.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.data 336678.571429                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336678.571429                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.data         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.data 22402.400000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22402.400000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.data  5400.200000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5400.200000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.data 134257.371429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 134257.371429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.data 130791.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 130791.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu16.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu16.icache.tags.tagsinuse          11.682223                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu16.icache.tags.total_refs               845                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu16.icache.tags.sampled_refs              51                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu16.icache.tags.avg_refs           16.568627                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu16.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu16.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu16.inst    11.682223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu16.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu16.inst     0.022817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu16.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.022817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu16.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu16.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu16.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu16.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.099609                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu16.icache.tags.tag_accesses            1891                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu16.icache.tags.data_accesses           1891                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu16.inst          845                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           845                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu16.icache.demand_hits::cpu16.inst          845                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu16.icache.demand_hits::total            845                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu16.icache.overall_hits::cpu16.inst          845                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu16.icache.overall_hits::total           845                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu16.inst           75                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           75                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu16.icache.demand_misses::cpu16.inst           75                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu16.icache.demand_misses::total           75                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu16.icache.overall_misses::cpu16.inst           75                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu16.icache.overall_misses::total           75                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu16.inst      9942998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9942998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu16.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu16.inst      9942998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu16.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9942998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu16.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu16.inst      9942998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu16.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9942998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu16.inst          920                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          920                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu16.icache.demand_accesses::cpu16.inst          920                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu16.icache.demand_accesses::total          920                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu16.icache.overall_accesses::cpu16.inst          920                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu16.icache.overall_accesses::total          920                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu16.inst     0.081522                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.081522                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu16.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu16.inst     0.081522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu16.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.081522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu16.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu16.inst     0.081522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu16.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.081522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu16.inst 132573.306667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132573.306667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu16.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu16.inst 132573.306667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu16.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 132573.306667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu16.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu16.inst 132573.306667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu16.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 132573.306667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu16.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          161                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu16.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu16.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu16.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu16.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          161                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu16.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu16.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu16.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu16.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu16.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu16.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu16.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu16.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu16.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu16.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu16.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu16.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu16.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu16.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu16.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu16.inst           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu16.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.inst      7702501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7702501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.inst      7702501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7702501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.inst      7702501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7702501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu16.inst     0.055435                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055435                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu16.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu16.inst     0.055435                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu16.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055435                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu16.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu16.inst     0.055435                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu16.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055435                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.inst 151029.431373                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 151029.431373                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.inst 151029.431373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 151029.431373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.inst 151029.431373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 151029.431373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu17.branchPred.lookups                  8153                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu17.branchPred.condPredicted            7607                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu17.branchPred.condIncorrect             133                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu17.branchPred.BTBLookups               6767                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu17.branchPred.BTBHits                  4053                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu17.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu17.branchPred.BTBHitPct           59.893601                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu17.branchPred.usedRAS                   222                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu17.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu17.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu17.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu17.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu17.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu17.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu17.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu17.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu17.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu17.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu17.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu17.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu17.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu17.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu17.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu17.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu17.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu17.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu17.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu17.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu17.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu17.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu17.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu17.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu17.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu17.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu17.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu17.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu17.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu17.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu17.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu17.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu17.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu17.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu17.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu17.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu17.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu17.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu17.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu17.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu17.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu17.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu17.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu17.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu17.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu17.numCycles                          30388                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu17.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu17.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu17.fetch.icacheStallCycles             3024                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu17.fetch.Insts                        33728                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu17.fetch.Branches                      8153                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu17.fetch.predictedBranches             4275                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu17.fetch.Cycles                       19145                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu17.fetch.SquashCycles                   337                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu17.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu17.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu17.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           19                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu17.fetch.CacheLines                     920                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu17.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  62                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu17.fetch.rateDist::samples            22366                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu17.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.602164                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu17.fetch.rateDist::stdev           3.108444                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu17.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu17.fetch.rateDist::0                  17316     77.42%     77.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu17.fetch.rateDist::1                    227      1.01%     78.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu17.fetch.rateDist::2                     62      0.28%     78.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu17.fetch.rateDist::3                    211      0.94%     79.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu17.fetch.rateDist::4                    130      0.58%     80.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu17.fetch.rateDist::5                    227      1.01%     81.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu17.fetch.rateDist::6                    133      0.59%     81.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu17.fetch.rateDist::7                     83      0.37%     82.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu17.fetch.rateDist::8                   3977     17.78%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu17.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu17.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu17.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu17.fetch.rateDist::total              22366                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu17.fetch.branchRate                0.268297                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu17.fetch.rate                      1.109912                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu17.decode.IdleCycles                   2704                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu17.decode.BlockedCycles               15129                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu17.decode.RunCycles                    1149                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu17.decode.UnblockCycles                3244                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu17.decode.SquashCycles                  140                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu17.decode.BranchResolved                246                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu17.decode.BranchMispred                  28                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu17.decode.DecodedInsts                32876                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu17.decode.SquashedInsts                 101                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu17.rename.SquashCycles                  140                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu17.rename.IdleCycles                   3883                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu17.rename.BlockCycles                   808                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu17.rename.serializeStallCycles         5764                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu17.rename.RunCycles                    3182                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu17.rename.UnblockCycles                8589                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu17.rename.RenamedInsts                32245                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu17.rename.ROBFullEvents                   3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu17.rename.IQFullEvents                 8500                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu17.rename.LQFullEvents                    8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu17.rename.RenamedOperands             55911                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu17.rename.RenameLookups              156135                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu17.rename.int_rename_lookups          43113                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu17.rename.CommittedMaps               50175                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu17.rename.UndoneMaps                   5735                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu17.rename.serializingInsts               71                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu17.rename.tempSerializingInsts           71                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu17.rename.skidInsts                   15887                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu17.memDep0.insertedLoads               4439                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu17.memDep0.insertedStores               981                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu17.memDep0.conflictingLoads             310                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu17.memDep0.conflictingStores            158                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu17.iq.iqInstsAdded                    31641                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu17.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               118                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu17.iq.iqInstsIssued                   29081                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu17.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             460                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu17.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          3562                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu17.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        13661                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu17.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           22                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu17.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        22366                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu17.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.300232                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu17.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      0.943685                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu17.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu17.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              7609     34.02%     34.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu17.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               433      1.94%     35.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu17.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             14324     64.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu17.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu17.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu17.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            2                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu17.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         22366                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               24195     83.20%     83.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.01%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               4172     14.35%     97.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               711      2.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::total                29081                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.rate                         0.956990                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu17.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu17.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu17.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            80986                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu17.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           35325                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu17.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        28847                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu17.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu17.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu17.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu17.iq.int_alu_accesses                29081                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu17.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu17.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              8                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu17.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu17.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          533                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu17.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu17.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            4                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu17.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          331                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu17.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu17.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu17.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            5                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu17.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           22                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu17.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu17.iew.iewSquashCycles                  140                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu17.iew.iewBlockCycles                   374                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu17.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 400                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu17.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             31762                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu17.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              80                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu17.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                4439                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu17.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                981                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu17.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               64                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu17.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    1                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu17.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 399                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu17.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            4                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu17.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           38                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu17.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           75                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu17.iew.branchMispredicts                113                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu17.iew.iewExecutedInsts               28987                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu17.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                4122                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu17.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              92                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu17.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu17.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu17.iew.exec_refs                       4822                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu17.iew.exec_branches                   6800                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu17.iew.exec_stores                      700                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu17.iew.exec_rate                   0.953896                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu17.iew.wb_sent                        28896                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu17.iew.wb_count                       28847                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu17.iew.wb_producers                   20623                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu17.iew.wb_consumers                   41689                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu17.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu17.iew.wb_rate                     0.949289                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu17.iew.wb_fanout                   0.494687                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu17.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu17.commit.commitSquashedInsts          3501                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu17.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            96                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu17.commit.branchMispredicts             105                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu17.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        21852                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu17.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.290362                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu17.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.652623                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu17.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu17.commit.committed_per_cycle::0         9089     41.59%     41.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu17.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         6853     31.36%     72.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu17.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         1565      7.16%     80.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu17.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         2001      9.16%     89.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu17.commit.committed_per_cycle::4           76      0.35%     89.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu17.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         1998      9.14%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu17.commit.committed_per_cycle::6           70      0.32%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu17.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          103      0.47%     99.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu17.commit.committed_per_cycle::8           97      0.44%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu17.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu17.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu17.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu17.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        21852                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu17.commit.committedInsts              27214                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu17.commit.committedOps                28197                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu17.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu17.commit.refs                         4556                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu17.commit.loads                        3906                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu17.commit.membars                        40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu17.commit.branches                     6691                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu17.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu17.commit.int_insts                   21678                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu17.commit.function_calls                106                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          23639     83.84%     83.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.01%     83.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     83.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     83.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     83.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     83.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     83.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     83.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     83.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     83.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          3906     13.85%     97.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          650      2.31%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::total           28197                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.bw_lim_events                  97                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu17.rob.rob_reads                      53050                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu17.rob.rob_writes                     63976                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu17.timesIdled                            42                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu17.idleCycles                          8022                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu17.quiesceCycles                      71334                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu17.committedInsts                     27214                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu17.committedOps                       28197                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu17.cpi                             1.116631                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu17.cpi_total                       1.116631                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu17.ipc                             0.895551                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu17.ipc_total                       0.895551                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu17.int_regfile_reads                  38590                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu17.int_regfile_writes                 12157                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu17.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu17.cc_regfile_reads                   99096                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu17.cc_regfile_writes                  38991                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu17.misc_regfile_reads                  5906                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu17.misc_regfile_writes                  102                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu17.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu17.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           6.653760                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu17.dcache.tags.total_refs              4589                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu17.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              27                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu17.dcache.tags.avg_refs          169.962963                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu17.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu17.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu17.data     6.653760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu17.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu17.data     0.006498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu17.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.006498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu17.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu17.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu17.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu17.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.026367                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu17.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            9481                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.tags.data_accesses           9481                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu17.data         3982                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          3982                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu17.data          603                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          603                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu17.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu17.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu17.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu17.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu17.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu17.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_hits::cpu17.data         4585                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_hits::total           4585                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_hits::cpu17.data         4587                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_hits::total          4587                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu17.data           66                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           66                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu17.data           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu17.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu17.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu17.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu17.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu17.data           24                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu17.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           24                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu17.data            8                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            8                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_misses::cpu17.data           85                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_misses::total           85                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_misses::cpu17.data           86                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_misses::total           86                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu17.data      8197999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8197999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu17.data      5322250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5322250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu17.data      1055891                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1055891                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu17.data        57999                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        57999                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu17.data       484000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       484000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu17.data     13520249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     13520249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu17.data     13520249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     13520249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu17.data         4048                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4048                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu17.data          622                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          622                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu17.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu17.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu17.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu17.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu17.data           27                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu17.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           27                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu17.data            8                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            8                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu17.data         4670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_accesses::total         4670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu17.data         4673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_accesses::total         4673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu17.data     0.016304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu17.data     0.030547                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.030547                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu17.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu17.data     0.888889                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.888889                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu17.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu17.data     0.018201                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018201                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu17.data     0.018404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu17.data 124212.106061                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124212.106061                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu17.data 280118.421053                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 280118.421053                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu17.data 43995.458333                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43995.458333                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu17.data  7249.875000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7249.875000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu17.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu17.data 159061.752941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159061.752941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu17.data 157212.197674                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157212.197674                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu17.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           79                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu17.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu17.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu17.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu17.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           79                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu17.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu17.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu17.data           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu17.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu17.data           49                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu17.data           49                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           49                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu17.data           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu17.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu17.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu17.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu17.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu17.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu17.data           24                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu17.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu17.data            8                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu17.data           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu17.data           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.data      3486501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3486501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.data      1678000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1678000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.data         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.data       968609                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       968609                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.data        47501                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        47501                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.data       469000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       469000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.data      5164501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5164501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.data      5174001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5174001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu17.data     0.007164                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007164                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu17.data     0.011254                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011254                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu17.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu17.data     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu17.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu17.data     0.007709                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007709                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu17.data     0.007918                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007918                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.data 120224.172414                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120224.172414                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.data 239714.285714                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239714.285714                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.data         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.data 40358.708333                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40358.708333                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.data  5937.625000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5937.625000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.data 143458.361111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 143458.361111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.data 139837.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 139837.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu17.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu17.icache.tags.tagsinuse          11.639892                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu17.icache.tags.total_refs               847                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu17.icache.tags.sampled_refs              53                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu17.icache.tags.avg_refs           15.981132                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu17.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu17.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu17.inst    11.639892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu17.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu17.inst     0.022734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu17.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.022734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu17.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu17.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu17.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu17.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.103516                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu17.icache.tags.tag_accesses            1893                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu17.icache.tags.data_accesses           1893                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu17.inst          847                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           847                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu17.icache.demand_hits::cpu17.inst          847                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu17.icache.demand_hits::total            847                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu17.icache.overall_hits::cpu17.inst          847                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu17.icache.overall_hits::total           847                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu17.inst           73                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           73                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu17.icache.demand_misses::cpu17.inst           73                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu17.icache.demand_misses::total           73                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu17.icache.overall_misses::cpu17.inst           73                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu17.icache.overall_misses::total           73                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu17.inst      9734500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9734500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu17.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu17.inst      9734500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu17.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9734500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu17.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu17.inst      9734500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu17.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9734500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu17.inst          920                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          920                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu17.icache.demand_accesses::cpu17.inst          920                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu17.icache.demand_accesses::total          920                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu17.icache.overall_accesses::cpu17.inst          920                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu17.icache.overall_accesses::total          920                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu17.inst     0.079348                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.079348                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu17.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu17.inst     0.079348                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu17.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.079348                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu17.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu17.inst     0.079348                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu17.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.079348                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu17.inst 133349.315068                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 133349.315068                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu17.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu17.inst 133349.315068                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu17.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 133349.315068                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu17.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu17.inst 133349.315068                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu17.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 133349.315068                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu17.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          134                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu17.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu17.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu17.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu17.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           67                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu17.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu17.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu17.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu17.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu17.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu17.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu17.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu17.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu17.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu17.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu17.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu17.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu17.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu17.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu17.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu17.inst           53                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu17.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.inst      7851500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7851500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.inst      7851500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7851500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.inst      7851500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7851500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu17.inst     0.057609                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.057609                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu17.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu17.inst     0.057609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu17.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.057609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu17.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu17.inst     0.057609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu17.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.057609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.inst 148141.509434                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 148141.509434                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.inst 148141.509434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 148141.509434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.inst 148141.509434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 148141.509434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu18.branchPred.lookups                  6917                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu18.branchPred.condPredicted            6439                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu18.branchPred.condIncorrect             123                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu18.branchPred.BTBLookups               5317                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu18.branchPred.BTBHits                  3452                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu18.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu18.branchPred.BTBHitPct           64.923829                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu18.branchPred.usedRAS                   193                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu18.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu18.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu18.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu18.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu18.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu18.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu18.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu18.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu18.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu18.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu18.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu18.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu18.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu18.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu18.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu18.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu18.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu18.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu18.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu18.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu18.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu18.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu18.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu18.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu18.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu18.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu18.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu18.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu18.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu18.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu18.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu18.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu18.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu18.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu18.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu18.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu18.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu18.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu18.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu18.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu18.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu18.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu18.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu18.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu18.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu18.numCycles                          29596                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu18.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu18.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu18.fetch.icacheStallCycles             2398                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu18.fetch.Insts                        28576                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu18.fetch.Branches                      6917                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu18.fetch.predictedBranches             3645                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu18.fetch.Cycles                       18404                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu18.fetch.SquashCycles                   307                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu18.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu18.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu18.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu18.fetch.CacheLines                     808                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu18.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  58                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu18.fetch.rateDist::samples            20977                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu18.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.449635                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu18.fetch.rateDist::stdev           2.989374                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu18.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu18.fetch.rateDist::0                  16670     79.47%     79.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu18.fetch.rateDist::1                    197      0.94%     80.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu18.fetch.rateDist::2                     49      0.23%     80.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu18.fetch.rateDist::3                    200      0.95%     81.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu18.fetch.rateDist::4                    127      0.61%     82.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu18.fetch.rateDist::5                    179      0.85%     83.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu18.fetch.rateDist::6                    123      0.59%     83.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu18.fetch.rateDist::7                     83      0.40%     84.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu18.fetch.rateDist::8                   3349     15.97%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu18.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu18.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu18.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu18.fetch.rateDist::total              20977                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu18.fetch.branchRate                0.233714                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu18.fetch.rate                      0.965536                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu18.decode.IdleCycles                   2458                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu18.decode.BlockedCycles               14631                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu18.decode.RunCycles                    1038                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu18.decode.UnblockCycles                2724                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu18.decode.SquashCycles                  126                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu18.decode.BranchResolved                236                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu18.decode.BranchMispred                  28                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu18.decode.DecodedInsts                28041                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu18.decode.SquashedInsts                  93                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu18.rename.SquashCycles                  126                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu18.rename.IdleCycles                   3453                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu18.rename.BlockCycles                  2807                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu18.rename.serializeStallCycles         4643                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu18.rename.RunCycles                    2738                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu18.rename.UnblockCycles                7210                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu18.rename.RenamedInsts                27519                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu18.rename.ROBFullEvents                   1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu18.rename.IQFullEvents                 7136                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu18.rename.LQFullEvents                    8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu18.rename.RenamedOperands             47489                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu18.rename.RenameLookups              133170                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu18.rename.int_rename_lookups          36704                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu18.rename.CommittedMaps               42033                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu18.rename.UndoneMaps                   5452                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu18.rename.serializingInsts               62                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu18.rename.tempSerializingInsts           60                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu18.rename.skidInsts                   13456                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu18.memDep0.insertedLoads               3816                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu18.memDep0.insertedStores               899                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu18.memDep0.conflictingLoads             293                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu18.memDep0.conflictingStores            160                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu18.iq.iqInstsAdded                    26988                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu18.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                94                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu18.iq.iqInstsIssued                   24600                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu18.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             450                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu18.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          3424                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu18.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        12675                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu18.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu18.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        20977                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu18.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.172713                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu18.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      0.975854                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu18.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu18.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              8489     40.47%     40.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu18.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               376      1.79%     42.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu18.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             12112     57.74%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu18.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu18.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu18.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            2                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu18.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         20977                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               20425     83.03%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.01%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               3565     14.49%     97.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               607      2.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::total                24600                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.rate                         0.831193                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu18.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu18.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu18.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            70625                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu18.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           30510                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu18.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        24373                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu18.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu18.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu18.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu18.iq.int_alu_accesses                24600                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu18.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu18.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              8                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu18.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu18.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          527                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu18.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu18.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            4                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu18.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          342                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu18.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu18.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu18.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            5                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu18.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           28                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu18.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu18.iew.iewSquashCycles                  126                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu18.iew.iewBlockCycles                   362                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu18.iew.iewUnblockCycles                2240                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu18.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             27085                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu18.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              32                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu18.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                3816                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu18.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                899                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu18.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               48                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu18.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    1                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu18.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                2239                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu18.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            4                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu18.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           35                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu18.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           71                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu18.iew.branchMispredicts                106                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu18.iew.iewExecutedInsts               24511                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu18.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                3519                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu18.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              87                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu18.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu18.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu18.iew.exec_refs                       4116                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu18.iew.exec_branches                   5730                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu18.iew.exec_stores                      597                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu18.iew.exec_rate                   0.828186                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu18.iew.wb_sent                        24420                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu18.iew.wb_count                       24373                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu18.iew.wb_producers                   17427                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu18.iew.wb_consumers                   35174                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu18.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu18.iew.wb_rate                     0.823523                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu18.iew.wb_fanout                   0.495451                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu18.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu18.commit.commitSquashedInsts          3361                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu18.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            79                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu18.commit.branchMispredicts              96                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu18.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        20489                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu18.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.154668                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu18.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.626707                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu18.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu18.commit.committed_per_cycle::0         9865     48.15%     48.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu18.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         5674     27.69%     75.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu18.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         1317      6.43%     82.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu18.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         1661      8.11%     90.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu18.commit.committed_per_cycle::4           15      0.07%     90.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu18.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         1711      8.35%     98.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu18.commit.committed_per_cycle::6           61      0.30%     99.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu18.commit.committed_per_cycle::7           94      0.46%     99.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu18.commit.committed_per_cycle::8           91      0.44%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu18.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu18.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu18.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu18.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        20489                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu18.commit.committedInsts              22811                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu18.commit.committedOps                23658                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu18.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu18.commit.refs                         3846                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu18.commit.loads                        3289                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu18.commit.membars                        36                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu18.commit.branches                     5606                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu18.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu18.commit.int_insts                   18200                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu18.commit.function_calls                 92                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          19810     83.73%     83.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.01%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          3289     13.90%     97.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          557      2.35%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::total           23658                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.bw_lim_events                  91                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu18.rob.rob_reads                      47079                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu18.rob.rob_writes                     54596                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu18.timesIdled                            41                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu18.idleCycles                          8619                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu18.quiesceCycles                      72126                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu18.committedInsts                     22811                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu18.committedOps                       23658                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu18.cpi                             1.297444                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu18.cpi_total                       1.297444                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu18.ipc                             0.770746                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu18.ipc_total                       0.770746                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu18.int_regfile_reads                  32602                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu18.int_regfile_writes                 10328                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu18.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu18.cc_regfile_reads                   83835                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu18.cc_regfile_writes                  32835                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu18.misc_regfile_reads                  5094                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu18.misc_regfile_writes                   70                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu18.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu18.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           6.293470                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu18.dcache.tags.total_refs              3886                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu18.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              26                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu18.dcache.tags.avg_refs          149.461538                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu18.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu18.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu18.data     6.293470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu18.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu18.data     0.006146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu18.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.006146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu18.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu18.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu18.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu18.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.025391                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu18.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            8093                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.tags.data_accesses           8093                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu18.data         3364                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          3364                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu18.data          518                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          518                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu18.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu18.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu18.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu18.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_hits::cpu18.data         3882                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_hits::total           3882                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_hits::cpu18.data         3884                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_hits::total          3884                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu18.data           84                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           84                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu18.data           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu18.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu18.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu18.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu18.data           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu18.data           11                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           11                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_misses::cpu18.data          103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_misses::total          103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_misses::cpu18.data          104                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_misses::total          104                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu18.data     11556248                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11556248                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu18.data      8072250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8072250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu18.data      1030929                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1030929                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu18.data        37499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        37499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu18.data       318000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       318000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu18.data     19628498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     19628498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu18.data     19628498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     19628498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu18.data         3448                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3448                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu18.data          537                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          537                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu18.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu18.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu18.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu18.data           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu18.data           11                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           11                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu18.data         3985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_accesses::total         3985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu18.data         3988                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_accesses::total         3988                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu18.data     0.024362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.024362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu18.data     0.035382                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.035382                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu18.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu18.data     0.888889                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.888889                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu18.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu18.data     0.025847                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.025847                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu18.data     0.026078                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.026078                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu18.data 137574.380952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 137574.380952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu18.data 424855.263158                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 424855.263158                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu18.data 64433.062500                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64433.062500                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu18.data         3409                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total         3409                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu18.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu18.data 190567.941748                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 190567.941748                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu18.data 188735.557692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 188735.557692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu18.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          263                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu18.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu18.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu18.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu18.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          263                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu18.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu18.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu18.data           56                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           56                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu18.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu18.data           68                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           68                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu18.data           68                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           68                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu18.data           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu18.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu18.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu18.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu18.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu18.data           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu18.data           11                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu18.data           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu18.data           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.data      3399001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3399001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.data      2546250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2546250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.data         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.data       972571                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       972571                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.data        27001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        27001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.data       294000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       294000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.data      5945251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5945251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.data      5954751                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5954751                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu18.data     0.008121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu18.data     0.013035                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013035                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu18.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu18.data     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu18.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu18.data     0.008783                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008783                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu18.data     0.009027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.data 121392.892857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121392.892857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.data       363750                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       363750                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.data         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.data 60785.687500                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60785.687500                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.data  2454.636364                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  2454.636364                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.data 169864.314286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169864.314286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.data 165409.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165409.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu18.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu18.icache.tags.tagsinuse          11.056218                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu18.icache.tags.total_refs               733                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu18.icache.tags.sampled_refs              51                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu18.icache.tags.avg_refs           14.372549                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu18.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu18.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu18.inst    11.056218                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu18.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu18.inst     0.021594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu18.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.021594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu18.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu18.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu18.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu18.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.099609                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu18.icache.tags.tag_accesses            1667                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu18.icache.tags.data_accesses           1667                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu18.inst          733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu18.icache.demand_hits::cpu18.inst          733                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu18.icache.demand_hits::total            733                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu18.icache.overall_hits::cpu18.inst          733                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu18.icache.overall_hits::total           733                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu18.inst           75                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           75                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu18.icache.demand_misses::cpu18.inst           75                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu18.icache.demand_misses::total           75                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu18.icache.overall_misses::cpu18.inst           75                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu18.icache.overall_misses::total           75                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu18.inst     10645500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10645500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu18.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu18.inst     10645500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu18.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10645500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu18.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu18.inst     10645500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu18.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10645500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu18.inst          808                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          808                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu18.icache.demand_accesses::cpu18.inst          808                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu18.icache.demand_accesses::total          808                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu18.icache.overall_accesses::cpu18.inst          808                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu18.icache.overall_accesses::total          808                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu18.inst     0.092822                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.092822                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu18.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu18.inst     0.092822                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu18.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.092822                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu18.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu18.inst     0.092822                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu18.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.092822                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu18.inst       141940                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       141940                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu18.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu18.inst       141940                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu18.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       141940                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu18.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu18.inst       141940                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu18.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       141940                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu18.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          141                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu18.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu18.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu18.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu18.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          141                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu18.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu18.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu18.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu18.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu18.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu18.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu18.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu18.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu18.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu18.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu18.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu18.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu18.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu18.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu18.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu18.inst           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu18.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.inst      7546750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7546750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.inst      7546750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7546750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.inst      7546750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7546750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu18.inst     0.063119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.063119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu18.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu18.inst     0.063119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu18.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.063119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu18.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu18.inst     0.063119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu18.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.063119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.inst 147975.490196                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 147975.490196                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.inst 147975.490196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 147975.490196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.inst 147975.490196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 147975.490196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu19.branchPred.lookups                  7113                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu19.branchPred.condPredicted            6629                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu19.branchPred.condIncorrect             124                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu19.branchPred.BTBLookups               5399                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu19.branchPred.BTBHits                  3553                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu19.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu19.branchPred.BTBHitPct           65.808483                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu19.branchPred.usedRAS                   198                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu19.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu19.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu19.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu19.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu19.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu19.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu19.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu19.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu19.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu19.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu19.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu19.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu19.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu19.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu19.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu19.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu19.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu19.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu19.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu19.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu19.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu19.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu19.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu19.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu19.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu19.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu19.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu19.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu19.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu19.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu19.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu19.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu19.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu19.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu19.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu19.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu19.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu19.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu19.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu19.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu19.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu19.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu19.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu19.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu19.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu19.numCycles                          29225                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu19.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu19.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu19.fetch.icacheStallCycles             2415                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu19.fetch.Insts                        29354                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu19.fetch.Branches                      7113                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu19.fetch.predictedBranches             3751                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu19.fetch.Cycles                       18012                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu19.fetch.SquashCycles                   311                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu19.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu19.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu19.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           30                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu19.fetch.CacheLines                     823                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu19.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  63                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu19.fetch.rateDist::samples            20622                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu19.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.513384                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu19.fetch.rateDist::stdev           3.039416                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu19.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu19.fetch.rateDist::0                  16205     78.58%     78.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu19.fetch.rateDist::1                    201      0.97%     79.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu19.fetch.rateDist::2                     53      0.26%     79.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu19.fetch.rateDist::3                    202      0.98%     80.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu19.fetch.rateDist::4                    127      0.62%     81.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu19.fetch.rateDist::5                    183      0.89%     82.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu19.fetch.rateDist::6                    126      0.61%     82.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu19.fetch.rateDist::7                     83      0.40%     83.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu19.fetch.rateDist::8                   3442     16.69%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu19.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu19.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu19.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu19.fetch.rateDist::total              20622                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu19.fetch.branchRate                0.243388                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu19.fetch.rate                      1.004414                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu19.decode.IdleCycles                   2522                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu19.decode.BlockedCycles               14117                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu19.decode.RunCycles                    1054                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu19.decode.UnblockCycles                2801                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu19.decode.SquashCycles                  128                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu19.decode.BranchResolved                231                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu19.decode.BranchMispred                  27                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu19.decode.DecodedInsts                28759                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu19.decode.SquashedInsts                  93                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu19.rename.SquashCycles                  128                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu19.rename.IdleCycles                   3544                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu19.rename.BlockCycles                  2414                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu19.rename.serializeStallCycles         4300                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu19.rename.RunCycles                    2802                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu19.rename.UnblockCycles                7434                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu19.rename.RenamedInsts                28217                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu19.rename.ROBFullEvents                   3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu19.rename.IQFullEvents                 7356                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu19.rename.LQFullEvents                    8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu19.rename.RenamedOperands             48805                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu19.rename.RenameLookups              136570                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu19.rename.int_rename_lookups          37659                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu19.rename.CommittedMaps               43247                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu19.rename.UndoneMaps                   5547                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu19.rename.serializingInsts               55                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu19.rename.tempSerializingInsts           53                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu19.rename.skidInsts                   13787                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu19.memDep0.insertedLoads               3920                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu19.memDep0.insertedStores               883                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu19.memDep0.conflictingLoads             302                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu19.memDep0.conflictingStores            165                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu19.iq.iqInstsAdded                    27690                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu19.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                95                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu19.iq.iqInstsIssued                   25318                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu19.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             455                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu19.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          3437                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu19.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        12598                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu19.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu19.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        20622                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu19.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.227718                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu19.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      0.964141                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu19.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu19.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              7771     37.68%     37.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu19.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               384      1.86%     39.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu19.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             12467     60.45%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu19.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu19.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu19.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            2                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu19.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         20622                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               21024     83.04%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.01%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               3667     14.48%     97.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               624      2.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::total                25318                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.rate                         0.866313                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu19.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu19.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu19.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            71711                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu19.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           31226                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu19.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        25090                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu19.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu19.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu19.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu19.iq.int_alu_accesses                25318                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu19.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu19.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              7                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu19.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu19.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          535                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu19.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu19.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            4                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu19.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          309                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu19.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu19.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu19.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            4                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu19.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           30                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu19.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu19.iew.iewSquashCycles                  128                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu19.iew.iewBlockCycles                   363                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu19.iew.iewUnblockCycles                1918                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu19.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             27788                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu19.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              32                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu19.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                3920                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu19.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                883                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu19.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               48                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu19.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    1                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu19.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                1917                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu19.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            4                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu19.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           36                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu19.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           71                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu19.iew.branchMispredicts                107                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu19.iew.iewExecutedInsts               25229                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu19.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                3621                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu19.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              87                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu19.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu19.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu19.iew.exec_refs                       4235                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu19.iew.exec_branches                   5898                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu19.iew.exec_stores                      614                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu19.iew.exec_rate                   0.863268                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu19.iew.wb_sent                        25136                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu19.iew.wb_count                       25090                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu19.iew.wb_producers                   17935                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu19.iew.wb_consumers                   36194                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu19.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu19.iew.wb_rate                     0.858512                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu19.iew.wb_fanout                   0.495524                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu19.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu19.commit.commitSquashedInsts          3375                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu19.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            80                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu19.commit.branchMispredicts              97                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu19.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        20131                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu19.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.209478                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu19.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.644839                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu19.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu19.commit.committed_per_cycle::0         9203     45.72%     45.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu19.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         5829     28.96%     74.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu19.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         1360      6.76%     81.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu19.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         1706      8.47%     89.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu19.commit.committed_per_cycle::4           18      0.09%     89.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu19.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         1763      8.76%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu19.commit.committed_per_cycle::6           63      0.31%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu19.commit.committed_per_cycle::7           96      0.48%     99.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu19.commit.committed_per_cycle::8           93      0.46%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu19.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu19.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu19.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu19.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        20131                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu19.commit.committedInsts              23472                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu19.commit.committedOps                24348                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu19.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu19.commit.refs                         3959                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu19.commit.loads                        3385                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu19.commit.membars                        37                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu19.commit.branches                     5768                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu19.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu19.commit.int_insts                   18733                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu19.commit.function_calls                 95                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          20387     83.73%     83.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.01%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          3385     13.90%     97.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          574      2.36%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::total           24348                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.bw_lim_events                  93                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu19.rob.rob_reads                      47410                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu19.rob.rob_writes                     56003                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu19.timesIdled                            42                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu19.idleCycles                          8603                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu19.quiesceCycles                      72497                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu19.committedInsts                     23472                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu19.committedOps                       24348                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu19.cpi                             1.245101                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu19.cpi_total                       1.245101                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu19.ipc                             0.803148                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu19.ipc_total                       0.803148                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu19.int_regfile_reads                  33559                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu19.int_regfile_writes                 10629                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu19.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu19.cc_regfile_reads                   86286                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu19.cc_regfile_writes                  33802                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu19.misc_regfile_reads                  5237                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu19.misc_regfile_writes                   68                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu19.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu19.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           6.005558                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu19.dcache.tags.total_refs              4001                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu19.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              25                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu19.dcache.tags.avg_refs          160.040000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu19.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu19.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu19.data     6.005558                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu19.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu19.data     0.005865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu19.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.005865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu19.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu19.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu19.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu19.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.024414                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu19.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            8327                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.tags.data_accesses           8327                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu19.data         3464                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          3464                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu19.data          533                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          533                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu19.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu19.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu19.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_hits::cpu19.data         3997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_hits::total           3997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_hits::cpu19.data         3999                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_hits::total          3999                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu19.data           87                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           87                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu19.data           22                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           22                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu19.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu19.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu19.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu19.data           17                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           17                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu19.data            9                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            9                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_misses::cpu19.data          109                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_misses::total          109                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_misses::cpu19.data          110                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_misses::total          110                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu19.data     10570000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10570000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu19.data      7602500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7602500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu19.data       899919                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       899919                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu19.data        39500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        39500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu19.data       426000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       426000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu19.data     18172500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     18172500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu19.data     18172500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     18172500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu19.data         3551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu19.data          555                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          555                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu19.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu19.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu19.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu19.data           17                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           17                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu19.data            9                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            9                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu19.data         4106                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_accesses::total         4106                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu19.data         4109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_accesses::total         4109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu19.data     0.024500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.024500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu19.data     0.039640                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.039640                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu19.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu19.data            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu19.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu19.data     0.026547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.026547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu19.data     0.026771                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.026771                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu19.data 121494.252874                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121494.252874                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu19.data 345568.181818                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 345568.181818                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu19.data 52936.411765                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52936.411765                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu19.data  4388.888889                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4388.888889                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu19.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu19.data 166720.183486                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166720.183486                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu19.data 165204.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165204.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu19.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          198                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu19.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu19.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu19.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu19.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           99                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu19.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu19.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu19.data           60                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           60                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu19.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu19.data           75                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           75                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu19.data           75                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           75                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu19.data           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu19.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu19.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu19.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu19.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu19.data           17                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu19.data            9                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu19.data           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu19.data           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.data      3214750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3214750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.data      2462000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2462000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.data         9000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.data       835581                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       835581                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.data        30500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        30500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.data       408000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       408000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.data      5676750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5676750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.data      5685750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5685750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu19.data     0.007603                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007603                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu19.data     0.012613                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012613                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu19.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu19.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu19.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu19.data     0.008281                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008281                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu19.data     0.008518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.data 119064.814815                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119064.814815                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.data 351714.285714                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 351714.285714                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.data         9000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.data 49151.823529                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49151.823529                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.data  3388.888889                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3388.888889                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.data 166963.235294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166963.235294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.data       162450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       162450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu19.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu19.icache.tags.tagsinuse          10.971801                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu19.icache.tags.total_refs               748                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu19.icache.tags.sampled_refs              51                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu19.icache.tags.avg_refs           14.666667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu19.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu19.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu19.inst    10.971801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu19.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu19.inst     0.021429                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu19.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.021429                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu19.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu19.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu19.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu19.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.099609                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu19.icache.tags.tag_accesses            1697                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu19.icache.tags.data_accesses           1697                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu19.inst          748                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           748                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu19.icache.demand_hits::cpu19.inst          748                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu19.icache.demand_hits::total            748                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu19.icache.overall_hits::cpu19.inst          748                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu19.icache.overall_hits::total           748                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu19.inst           75                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           75                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu19.icache.demand_misses::cpu19.inst           75                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu19.icache.demand_misses::total           75                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu19.icache.overall_misses::cpu19.inst           75                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu19.icache.overall_misses::total           75                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu19.inst     10785250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10785250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu19.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu19.inst     10785250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu19.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10785250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu19.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu19.inst     10785250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu19.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10785250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu19.inst          823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu19.icache.demand_accesses::cpu19.inst          823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu19.icache.demand_accesses::total          823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu19.icache.overall_accesses::cpu19.inst          823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu19.icache.overall_accesses::total          823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu19.inst     0.091130                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.091130                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu19.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu19.inst     0.091130                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu19.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.091130                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu19.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu19.inst     0.091130                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu19.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.091130                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu19.inst 143803.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 143803.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu19.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu19.inst 143803.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu19.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 143803.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu19.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu19.inst 143803.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu19.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 143803.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu19.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          158                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu19.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu19.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu19.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu19.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           79                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu19.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu19.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu19.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu19.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu19.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu19.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu19.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu19.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu19.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu19.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu19.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu19.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu19.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu19.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu19.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu19.inst           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu19.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.inst      7920250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7920250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.inst      7920250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7920250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.inst      7920250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7920250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu19.inst     0.061968                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061968                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu19.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu19.inst     0.061968                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu19.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061968                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu19.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu19.inst     0.061968                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu19.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061968                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.inst 155299.019608                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155299.019608                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.inst 155299.019608                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155299.019608                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.inst 155299.019608                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155299.019608                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu20.branchPred.lookups                  6303                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu20.branchPred.condPredicted            5842                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu20.branchPred.condIncorrect             120                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu20.branchPred.BTBLookups               4732                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu20.branchPred.BTBHits                  3130                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu20.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu20.branchPred.BTBHitPct           66.145393                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu20.branchPred.usedRAS                   178                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu20.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu20.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu20.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu20.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu20.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu20.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu20.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu20.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu20.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu20.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu20.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu20.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu20.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu20.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu20.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu20.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu20.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu20.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu20.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu20.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu20.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu20.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu20.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu20.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu20.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu20.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu20.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu20.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu20.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu20.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu20.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu20.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu20.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu20.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu20.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu20.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu20.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu20.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu20.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu20.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu20.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu20.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu20.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu20.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu20.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu20.numCycles                          28485                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu20.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu20.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu20.fetch.icacheStallCycles             2292                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu20.fetch.Insts                        26101                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu20.fetch.Branches                      6303                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu20.fetch.predictedBranches             3308                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu20.fetch.Cycles                       17694                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu20.fetch.SquashCycles                   295                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu20.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu20.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu20.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           18                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu20.fetch.CacheLines                     760                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu20.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  58                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu20.fetch.rateDist::samples            20161                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu20.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.381826                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu20.fetch.rateDist::stdev           2.933123                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu20.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu20.fetch.rateDist::0                  16205     80.38%     80.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu20.fetch.rateDist::1                    188      0.93%     81.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu20.fetch.rateDist::2                     46      0.23%     81.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu20.fetch.rateDist::3                    186      0.92%     82.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu20.fetch.rateDist::4                    113      0.56%     83.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu20.fetch.rateDist::5                    168      0.83%     83.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu20.fetch.rateDist::6                    114      0.57%     84.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu20.fetch.rateDist::7                     83      0.41%     84.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu20.fetch.rateDist::8                   3058     15.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu20.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu20.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu20.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu20.fetch.rateDist::total              20161                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu20.fetch.branchRate                0.221274                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu20.fetch.rate                      0.916307                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu20.decode.IdleCycles                   2333                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu20.decode.BlockedCycles               14272                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu20.decode.RunCycles                     966                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu20.decode.UnblockCycles                2470                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu20.decode.SquashCycles                  120                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu20.decode.BranchResolved                221                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu20.decode.BranchMispred                  27                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu20.decode.DecodedInsts                25616                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu20.decode.SquashedInsts                  93                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu20.rename.SquashCycles                  120                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu20.rename.IdleCycles                   3236                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu20.rename.BlockCycles                  2432                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu20.rename.serializeStallCycles         5342                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu20.rename.RunCycles                    2507                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu20.rename.UnblockCycles                6524                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu20.rename.RenamedInsts                25120                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu20.rename.IQFullEvents                 6457                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu20.rename.LQFullEvents                    8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu20.rename.RenamedOperands             43126                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu20.rename.RenameLookups              121548                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu20.rename.int_rename_lookups          33487                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu20.rename.CommittedMaps               38077                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu20.rename.UndoneMaps                   5038                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu20.rename.serializingInsts               56                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu20.rename.tempSerializingInsts           54                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu20.rename.skidInsts                   12187                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu20.memDep0.insertedLoads               3488                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu20.memDep0.insertedStores               861                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu20.memDep0.conflictingLoads             260                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu20.memDep0.conflictingStores            145                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu20.iq.iqInstsAdded                    24594                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu20.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                91                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu20.iq.iqInstsIssued                   22330                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu20.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             434                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu20.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          3245                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu20.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        11950                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu20.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu20.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        20161                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu20.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.107584                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu20.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      0.985149                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu20.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu20.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              8815     43.72%     43.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu20.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               362      1.80%     45.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu20.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             10984     54.48%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu20.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu20.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu20.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            2                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu20.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         20161                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               18541     83.03%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.01%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               3230     14.46%     97.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               556      2.49%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::total                22330                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.rate                         0.783921                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu20.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu20.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu20.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            65253                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu20.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           27934                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu20.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        22136                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu20.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu20.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu20.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu20.iq.int_alu_accesses                22330                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu20.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu20.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              7                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu20.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu20.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          510                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu20.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu20.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            4                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu20.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          355                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu20.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu20.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu20.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            5                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu20.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            3                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu20.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu20.iew.iewSquashCycles                  120                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu20.iew.iewBlockCycles                   342                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu20.iew.iewUnblockCycles                2068                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu20.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             24688                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu20.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              32                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu20.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                3488                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu20.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                861                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu20.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               48                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu20.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    1                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu20.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                2067                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu20.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            4                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu20.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           32                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu20.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           71                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu20.iew.branchMispredicts                103                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu20.iew.iewExecutedInsts               22251                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu20.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                3185                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu20.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              77                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu20.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu20.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu20.iew.exec_refs                       3731                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu20.iew.exec_branches                   5203                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu20.iew.exec_stores                      546                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu20.iew.exec_rate                   0.781148                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu20.iew.wb_sent                        22179                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu20.iew.wb_count                       22136                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu20.iew.wb_producers                   15815                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu20.iew.wb_consumers                   31890                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu20.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu20.iew.wb_rate                     0.777111                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu20.iew.wb_fanout                   0.495923                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu20.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu20.commit.commitSquashedInsts          3183                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu20.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            76                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu20.commit.branchMispredicts              93                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu20.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        19699                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu20.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.088380                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu20.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.591701                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu20.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu20.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        10023     50.88%     50.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu20.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         5180     26.30%     77.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu20.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         1200      6.09%     83.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu20.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         1514      7.69%     90.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu20.commit.committed_per_cycle::4           15      0.08%     91.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu20.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         1562      7.93%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu20.commit.committed_per_cycle::6           52      0.26%     99.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu20.commit.committed_per_cycle::7           88      0.45%     99.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu20.commit.committed_per_cycle::8           65      0.33%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu20.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu20.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu20.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu20.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        19699                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu20.commit.committedInsts              20680                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu20.commit.committedOps                21440                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu20.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu20.commit.refs                         3484                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu20.commit.loads                        2978                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu20.commit.membars                        33                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu20.commit.branches                     5081                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu20.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu20.commit.int_insts                   16492                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu20.commit.function_calls                 83                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          17954     83.74%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.01%     83.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     83.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     83.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     83.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     83.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     83.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     83.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     83.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     83.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          2978     13.89%     97.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          506      2.36%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::total           21440                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.bw_lim_events                  65                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu20.rob.rob_reads                      43958                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu20.rob.rob_writes                     49774                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu20.timesIdled                            44                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu20.idleCycles                          8324                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu20.quiesceCycles                      73237                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu20.committedInsts                     20680                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu20.committedOps                       21440                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu20.cpi                             1.377418                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu20.cpi_total                       1.377418                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu20.ipc                             0.725996                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu20.ipc_total                       0.725996                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu20.int_regfile_reads                  29581                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu20.int_regfile_writes                  9394                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu20.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu20.cc_regfile_reads                   76119                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu20.cc_regfile_writes                  29775                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu20.misc_regfile_reads                  4727                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu20.misc_regfile_writes                   83                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu20.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu20.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           6.133879                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu20.dcache.tags.total_refs              3522                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu20.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              26                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu20.dcache.tags.avg_refs          135.461538                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu20.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu20.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu20.data     6.133879                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu20.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu20.data     0.005990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu20.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.005990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu20.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu20.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu20.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu20.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.025391                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu20.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            7377                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.tags.data_accesses           7377                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu20.data         3057                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          3057                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu20.data          461                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          461                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu20.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu20.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu20.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu20.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_hits::cpu20.data         3518                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_hits::total           3518                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_hits::cpu20.data         3520                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_hits::total          3520                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu20.data           82                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           82                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu20.data           22                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           22                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu20.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu20.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu20.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu20.data           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu20.data           11                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           11                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_misses::cpu20.data          104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_misses::total          104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_misses::cpu20.data          105                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_misses::total          105                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu20.data      9642000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9642000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu20.data      7441750                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7441750                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu20.data      1006938                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1006938                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu20.data        38500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        38500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu20.data       407500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       407500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu20.data     17083750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     17083750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu20.data     17083750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     17083750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu20.data         3139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu20.data          483                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          483                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu20.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu20.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu20.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu20.data           21                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           21                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu20.data           11                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           11                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu20.data         3622                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_accesses::total         3622                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu20.data         3625                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_accesses::total         3625                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu20.data     0.026123                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026123                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu20.data     0.045549                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.045549                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu20.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu20.data     0.952381                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.952381                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu20.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu20.data     0.028713                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.028713                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu20.data     0.028966                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.028966                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu20.data 117585.365854                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117585.365854                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu20.data 338261.363636                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 338261.363636                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu20.data 50346.900000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50346.900000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu20.data         3500                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total         3500                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu20.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu20.data 164266.826923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164266.826923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu20.data 162702.380952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162702.380952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           19                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu20.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           13                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu20.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu20.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu20.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           19                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu20.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           13                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu20.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu20.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu20.data           54                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           54                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu20.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu20.data           69                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           69                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu20.data           69                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           69                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu20.data           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu20.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu20.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu20.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu20.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu20.data           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu20.data           11                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu20.data           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu20.data           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.data      3632500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3632500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.data      2459250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2459250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.data         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.data       933562                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       933562                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.data        29500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        29500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.data       383500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       383500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.data      6091750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6091750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.data      6101250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6101250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu20.data     0.008920                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008920                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu20.data     0.014493                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014493                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu20.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu20.data     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu20.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu20.data     0.009663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu20.data     0.009931                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009931                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.data 129732.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 129732.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.data 351321.428571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 351321.428571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.data         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.data 46678.100000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46678.100000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.data  2681.818182                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  2681.818182                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.data       174050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       174050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.data 169479.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169479.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu20.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu20.icache.tags.tagsinuse          10.723168                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu20.icache.tags.total_refs               689                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu20.icache.tags.sampled_refs              51                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu20.icache.tags.avg_refs           13.509804                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu20.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu20.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu20.inst    10.723168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu20.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu20.inst     0.020944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu20.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.020944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu20.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu20.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu20.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu20.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.099609                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu20.icache.tags.tag_accesses            1571                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu20.icache.tags.data_accesses           1571                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu20.inst          689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu20.icache.demand_hits::cpu20.inst          689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu20.icache.demand_hits::total            689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu20.icache.overall_hits::cpu20.inst          689                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu20.icache.overall_hits::total           689                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu20.inst           71                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           71                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu20.icache.demand_misses::cpu20.inst           71                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu20.icache.demand_misses::total           71                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu20.icache.overall_misses::cpu20.inst           71                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu20.icache.overall_misses::total           71                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu20.inst      8779750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8779750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu20.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu20.inst      8779750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu20.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8779750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu20.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu20.inst      8779750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu20.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8779750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu20.inst          760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu20.icache.demand_accesses::cpu20.inst          760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu20.icache.demand_accesses::total          760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu20.icache.overall_accesses::cpu20.inst          760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu20.icache.overall_accesses::total          760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu20.inst     0.093421                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.093421                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu20.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu20.inst     0.093421                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu20.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.093421                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu20.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu20.inst     0.093421                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu20.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.093421                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu20.inst 123658.450704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123658.450704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu20.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu20.inst 123658.450704                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu20.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123658.450704                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu20.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu20.inst 123658.450704                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu20.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123658.450704                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu20.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          137                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu20.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu20.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu20.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu20.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    68.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu20.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu20.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu20.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu20.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu20.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu20.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu20.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu20.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu20.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu20.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu20.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu20.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu20.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu20.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu20.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu20.inst           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu20.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.inst      6858000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6858000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.inst      6858000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6858000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.inst      6858000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6858000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu20.inst     0.067105                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.067105                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu20.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu20.inst     0.067105                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu20.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.067105                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu20.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu20.inst     0.067105                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu20.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.067105                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.inst 134470.588235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 134470.588235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.inst 134470.588235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 134470.588235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.inst 134470.588235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 134470.588235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu21.branchPred.lookups                  6240                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu21.branchPred.condPredicted            5791                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu21.branchPred.condIncorrect             116                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu21.branchPred.BTBLookups               4803                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu21.branchPred.BTBHits                  3086                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu21.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu21.branchPred.BTBHitPct           64.251509                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu21.branchPred.usedRAS                   176                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu21.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu21.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu21.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu21.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu21.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu21.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu21.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu21.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu21.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu21.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu21.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu21.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu21.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu21.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu21.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu21.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu21.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu21.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu21.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu21.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu21.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu21.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu21.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu21.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu21.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu21.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu21.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu21.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu21.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu21.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu21.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu21.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu21.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu21.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu21.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu21.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu21.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu21.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu21.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu21.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu21.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu21.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu21.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu21.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu21.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu21.numCycles                          27665                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu21.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu21.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu21.fetch.icacheStallCycles             2309                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu21.fetch.Insts                        25804                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu21.fetch.Branches                      6240                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu21.fetch.predictedBranches             3262                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu21.fetch.Cycles                       16942                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu21.fetch.SquashCycles                   291                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu21.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu21.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu21.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu21.fetch.CacheLines                     744                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu21.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  57                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu21.fetch.rateDist::samples            19418                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu21.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.416315                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu21.fetch.rateDist::stdev           2.963760                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu21.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu21.fetch.rateDist::0                  15519     79.92%     79.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu21.fetch.rateDist::1                    192      0.99%     80.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu21.fetch.rateDist::2                     44      0.23%     81.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu21.fetch.rateDist::3                    174      0.90%     82.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu21.fetch.rateDist::4                    105      0.54%     82.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu21.fetch.rateDist::5                    163      0.84%     83.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu21.fetch.rateDist::6                    110      0.57%     83.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu21.fetch.rateDist::7                     83      0.43%     84.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu21.fetch.rateDist::8                   3028     15.59%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu21.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu21.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu21.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu21.fetch.rateDist::total              19418                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu21.fetch.branchRate                0.225556                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu21.fetch.rate                      0.932731                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu21.decode.IdleCycles                   2346                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu21.decode.BlockedCycles               13570                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu21.decode.RunCycles                     951                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu21.decode.UnblockCycles                2433                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu21.decode.SquashCycles                  118                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu21.decode.BranchResolved                213                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu21.decode.BranchMispred                  27                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu21.decode.DecodedInsts                25217                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu21.decode.SquashedInsts                 101                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu21.rename.SquashCycles                  118                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu21.rename.IdleCycles                   3242                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu21.rename.BlockCycles                  2974                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu21.rename.serializeStallCycles         4176                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu21.rename.RunCycles                    2462                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu21.rename.UnblockCycles                6446                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu21.rename.RenamedInsts                24718                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu21.rename.ROBFullEvents                   3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu21.rename.IQFullEvents                 6381                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu21.rename.LQFullEvents                    8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu21.rename.RenamedOperands             42584                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu21.rename.RenameLookups              119596                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu21.rename.int_rename_lookups          32982                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu21.rename.CommittedMaps               37699                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu21.rename.UndoneMaps                   4882                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu21.rename.serializingInsts               57                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu21.rename.tempSerializingInsts           56                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu21.rename.skidInsts                   12063                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu21.memDep0.insertedLoads               3429                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu21.memDep0.insertedStores               825                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu21.memDep0.conflictingLoads             239                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu21.memDep0.conflictingStores            125                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu21.iq.iqInstsAdded                    24273                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu21.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                84                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu21.iq.iqInstsIssued                   22099                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu21.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             410                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu21.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          3107                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu21.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        11594                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu21.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu21.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        19418                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu21.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.138068                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu21.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      0.981280                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu21.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu21.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              8193     42.19%     42.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu21.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               351      1.81%     44.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu21.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             10874     56.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu21.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu21.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu21.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            2                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu21.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         19418                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               18317     82.89%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.01%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               3216     14.55%     97.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               563      2.55%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::total                22099                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.rate                         0.798807                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu21.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu21.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu21.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            64024                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu21.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           27470                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu21.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        21880                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu21.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu21.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu21.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu21.iq.int_alu_accesses                22099                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu21.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu21.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              8                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu21.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu21.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          473                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu21.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu21.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            6                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu21.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          311                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu21.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu21.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu21.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            4                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu21.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           30                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu21.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu21.iew.iewSquashCycles                  118                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu21.iew.iewBlockCycles                   328                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu21.iew.iewUnblockCycles                1978                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu21.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             24360                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu21.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              32                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu21.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                3429                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu21.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                825                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu21.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               45                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu21.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    1                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu21.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                1977                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu21.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            6                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu21.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           30                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu21.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           68                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu21.iew.branchMispredicts                 98                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu21.iew.iewExecutedInsts               22013                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu21.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                3170                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu21.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              84                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu21.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu21.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu21.iew.exec_refs                       3724                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu21.iew.exec_branches                   5132                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu21.iew.exec_stores                      554                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu21.iew.exec_rate                   0.795699                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu21.iew.wb_sent                        21920                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu21.iew.wb_count                       21880                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu21.iew.wb_producers                   15614                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu21.iew.wb_consumers                   31540                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu21.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu21.iew.wb_rate                     0.790891                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu21.iew.wb_fanout                   0.495054                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu21.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu21.commit.commitSquashedInsts          3043                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu21.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            72                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu21.commit.branchMispredicts              89                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu21.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        18973                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu21.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.120013                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu21.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.617226                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu21.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu21.commit.committed_per_cycle::0         9451     49.81%     49.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu21.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         5073     26.74%     76.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu21.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         1187      6.26%     82.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu21.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         1487      7.84%     90.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu21.commit.committed_per_cycle::4           14      0.07%     90.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu21.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         1534      8.09%     98.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu21.commit.committed_per_cycle::6           57      0.30%     99.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu21.commit.committed_per_cycle::7           86      0.45%     99.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu21.commit.committed_per_cycle::8           84      0.44%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu21.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu21.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu21.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu21.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        18973                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu21.commit.committedInsts              20470                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu21.commit.committedOps                21250                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu21.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu21.commit.refs                         3470                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu21.commit.loads                        2956                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu21.commit.membars                        33                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu21.commit.branches                     5028                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu21.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu21.commit.int_insts                   16359                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu21.commit.function_calls                 85                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          17778     83.66%     83.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.01%     83.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     83.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     83.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     83.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     83.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     83.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     83.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     83.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     83.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          2956     13.91%     97.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          514      2.42%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::total           21250                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.bw_lim_events                  84                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu21.rob.rob_reads                      42870                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu21.rob.rob_writes                     49101                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu21.timesIdled                            43                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu21.idleCycles                          8247                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu21.quiesceCycles                      74057                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu21.committedInsts                     20470                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu21.committedOps                       21250                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu21.cpi                             1.351490                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu21.cpi_total                       1.351490                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu21.ipc                             0.739924                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu21.ipc_total                       0.739924                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu21.int_regfile_reads                  29253                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu21.int_regfile_writes                  9297                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu21.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu21.cc_regfile_reads                   75282                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu21.cc_regfile_writes                  29365                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu21.misc_regfile_reads                  4693                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu21.misc_regfile_writes                   63                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu21.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu21.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           5.992705                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu21.dcache.tags.total_refs              3505                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu21.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              26                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu21.dcache.tags.avg_refs          134.807692                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu21.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu21.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu21.data     5.992705                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu21.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu21.data     0.005852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu21.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.005852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu21.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu21.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu21.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu21.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.025391                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu21.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            7306                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.tags.data_accesses           7306                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu21.data         3027                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          3027                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu21.data          474                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          474                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu21.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu21.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu21.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu21.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_hits::cpu21.data         3501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_hits::total           3501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_hits::cpu21.data         3503                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_hits::total          3503                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu21.data           73                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           73                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu21.data           22                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           22                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu21.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu21.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu21.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu21.data           14                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           14                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu21.data           10                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           10                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_misses::cpu21.data           95                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_misses::total           95                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_misses::cpu21.data           96                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_misses::total           96                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu21.data     14539750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     14539750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu21.data      9000750                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9000750                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu21.data       847443                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       847443                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu21.data        37499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        37499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu21.data       431500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       431500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu21.data     23540500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     23540500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu21.data     23540500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     23540500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu21.data         3100                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3100                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu21.data          496                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          496                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu21.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu21.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu21.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu21.data           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu21.data           10                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           10                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu21.data         3596                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_accesses::total         3596                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu21.data         3599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_accesses::total         3599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu21.data     0.023548                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.023548                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu21.data     0.044355                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.044355                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu21.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu21.data     0.875000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.875000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu21.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu21.data     0.026418                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.026418                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu21.data     0.026674                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.026674                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu21.data 199174.657534                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 199174.657534                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu21.data       409125                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total       409125                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu21.data 60531.642857                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60531.642857                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu21.data  3749.900000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  3749.900000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu21.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu21.data 247794.736842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 247794.736842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu21.data 245213.541667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 245213.541667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           13                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu21.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          736                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu21.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu21.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu21.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           13                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu21.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          736                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu21.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu21.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu21.data           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu21.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu21.data           60                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu21.data           60                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           60                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu21.data           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu21.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu21.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu21.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu21.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu21.data           14                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu21.data           10                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu21.data           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu21.data           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.data      3305250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3305250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.data      2705750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2705750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.data         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.data       793057                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       793057                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.data        27001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        27001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.data       410500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       410500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.data      6011000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6011000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.data      6020500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6020500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu21.data     0.009032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu21.data     0.014113                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014113                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu21.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu21.data     0.875000                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.875000                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu21.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu21.data     0.009733                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009733                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu21.data     0.010003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.data 118044.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118044.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.data 386535.714286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 386535.714286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.data         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.data 56646.928571                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56646.928571                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.data  2700.100000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  2700.100000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.data 171742.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171742.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.data 167236.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167236.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu21.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu21.icache.tags.tagsinuse          10.436008                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu21.icache.tags.total_refs               670                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu21.icache.tags.sampled_refs              51                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu21.icache.tags.avg_refs           13.137255                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu21.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu21.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu21.inst    10.436008                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu21.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu21.inst     0.020383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu21.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.020383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu21.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu21.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu21.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu21.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.099609                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu21.icache.tags.tag_accesses            1539                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu21.icache.tags.data_accesses           1539                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu21.inst          670                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           670                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu21.icache.demand_hits::cpu21.inst          670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu21.icache.demand_hits::total            670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu21.icache.overall_hits::cpu21.inst          670                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu21.icache.overall_hits::total           670                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu21.inst           74                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           74                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu21.icache.demand_misses::cpu21.inst           74                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu21.icache.demand_misses::total           74                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu21.icache.overall_misses::cpu21.inst           74                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu21.icache.overall_misses::total           74                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu21.inst     12327500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12327500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu21.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu21.inst     12327500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu21.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     12327500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu21.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu21.inst     12327500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu21.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     12327500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu21.inst          744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu21.icache.demand_accesses::cpu21.inst          744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu21.icache.demand_accesses::total          744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu21.icache.overall_accesses::cpu21.inst          744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu21.icache.overall_accesses::total          744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu21.inst     0.099462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.099462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu21.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu21.inst     0.099462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu21.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.099462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu21.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu21.inst     0.099462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu21.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.099462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu21.inst 166587.837838                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166587.837838                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu21.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu21.inst 166587.837838                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu21.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166587.837838                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu21.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu21.inst 166587.837838                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu21.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166587.837838                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu21.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          156                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu21.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu21.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu21.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu21.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          156                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu21.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu21.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu21.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu21.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu21.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu21.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu21.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu21.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu21.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu21.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu21.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu21.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu21.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu21.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu21.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu21.inst           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu21.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.inst      7306750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7306750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.inst      7306750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7306750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.inst      7306750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7306750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu21.inst     0.068548                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.068548                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu21.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu21.inst     0.068548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu21.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.068548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu21.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu21.inst     0.068548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu21.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.068548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.inst 143269.607843                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 143269.607843                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.inst 143269.607843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 143269.607843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.inst 143269.607843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 143269.607843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu22.branchPred.lookups                  6326                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu22.branchPred.condPredicted            5834                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu22.branchPred.condIncorrect             128                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu22.branchPred.BTBLookups               4372                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu22.branchPred.BTBHits                  3125                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu22.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu22.branchPred.BTBHitPct           71.477585                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu22.branchPred.usedRAS                   185                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu22.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu22.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu22.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu22.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu22.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu22.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu22.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu22.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu22.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu22.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu22.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu22.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu22.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu22.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu22.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu22.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu22.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu22.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu22.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu22.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu22.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu22.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu22.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu22.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu22.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu22.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu22.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu22.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu22.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu22.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu22.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu22.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu22.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu22.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu22.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu22.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu22.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu22.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu22.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu22.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu22.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu22.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu22.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu22.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu22.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu22.numCycles                          27015                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu22.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu22.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu22.fetch.icacheStallCycles             3200                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu22.fetch.Insts                        26181                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu22.fetch.Branches                      6326                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu22.fetch.predictedBranches             3310                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu22.fetch.Cycles                       15187                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu22.fetch.SquashCycles                   313                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu22.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu22.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu22.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           30                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu22.fetch.CacheLines                     807                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu22.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  61                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu22.fetch.rateDist::samples            18583                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu22.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.506538                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu22.fetch.rateDist::stdev           3.027277                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu22.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu22.fetch.rateDist::0                  14593     78.53%     78.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu22.fetch.rateDist::1                    189      1.02%     79.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu22.fetch.rateDist::2                     54      0.29%     79.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu22.fetch.rateDist::3                    182      0.98%     80.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu22.fetch.rateDist::4                    108      0.58%     81.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu22.fetch.rateDist::5                    207      1.11%     82.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu22.fetch.rateDist::6                    117      0.63%     83.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu22.fetch.rateDist::7                     80      0.43%     83.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu22.fetch.rateDist::8                   3053     16.43%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu22.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu22.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu22.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu22.fetch.rateDist::total              18583                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu22.fetch.branchRate                0.234166                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu22.fetch.rate                      0.969128                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu22.decode.IdleCycles                   2408                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu22.decode.BlockedCycles               12584                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu22.decode.RunCycles                    1020                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu22.decode.UnblockCycles                2443                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu22.decode.SquashCycles                  128                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu22.decode.BranchResolved                229                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu22.decode.BranchMispred                  28                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu22.decode.DecodedInsts                25652                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu22.decode.SquashedInsts                 101                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu22.rename.SquashCycles                  128                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu22.rename.IdleCycles                   3312                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu22.rename.BlockCycles                   345                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu22.rename.serializeStallCycles         5812                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu22.rename.RunCycles                    2535                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu22.rename.UnblockCycles                6451                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu22.rename.RenamedInsts                25102                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu22.rename.IQFullEvents                 6380                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu22.rename.RenamedOperands             43047                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu22.rename.RenameLookups              121389                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu22.rename.int_rename_lookups          33374                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu22.rename.CommittedMaps               37976                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu22.rename.UndoneMaps                   5068                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu22.rename.serializingInsts               70                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu22.rename.tempSerializingInsts           68                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu22.rename.skidInsts                   12091                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu22.memDep0.insertedLoads               3481                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu22.memDep0.insertedStores               857                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu22.memDep0.conflictingLoads             254                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu22.memDep0.conflictingStores            125                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu22.iq.iqInstsAdded                    24518                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu22.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               107                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu22.iq.iqInstsIssued                   22268                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu22.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             428                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu22.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          3187                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu22.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        11942                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu22.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           23                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu22.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        18583                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu22.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.198300                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu22.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      0.968903                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu22.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu22.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              7245     38.99%     38.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu22.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               408      2.20%     41.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu22.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             10930     58.82%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu22.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu22.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu22.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            2                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu22.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         18583                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               18463     82.91%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.01%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               3225     14.48%     97.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               577      2.59%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::total                22268                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.rate                         0.824283                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu22.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu22.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu22.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            63545                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu22.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           27816                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu22.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        22066                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu22.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu22.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu22.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu22.iq.int_alu_accesses                22268                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu22.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu22.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              5                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu22.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu22.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          491                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu22.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu22.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            4                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu22.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          327                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu22.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu22.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu22.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            5                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu22.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           13                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu22.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu22.iew.iewSquashCycles                  128                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu22.iew.iewBlockCycles                   329                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu22.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu22.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             24628                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu22.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              72                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu22.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                3481                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu22.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                857                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu22.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               57                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu22.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu22.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                   0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu22.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            4                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu22.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           34                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu22.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           74                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu22.iew.branchMispredicts                108                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu22.iew.iewExecutedInsts               22185                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu22.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                3183                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu22.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              81                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu22.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu22.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu22.iew.exec_refs                       3750                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu22.iew.exec_branches                   5182                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu22.iew.exec_stores                      567                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu22.iew.exec_rate                   0.821210                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu22.iew.wb_sent                        22106                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu22.iew.wb_count                       22066                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu22.iew.wb_producers                   15707                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu22.iew.wb_consumers                   31696                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu22.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu22.iew.wb_rate                     0.816805                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu22.iew.wb_fanout                   0.495551                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu22.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu22.commit.commitSquashedInsts          3123                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu22.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            84                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu22.commit.branchMispredicts             100                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu22.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        18126                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu22.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.182721                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu22.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.614739                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu22.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu22.commit.committed_per_cycle::0         8375     46.20%     46.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu22.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         5248     28.95%     75.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu22.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         1212      6.69%     81.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu22.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         1514      8.35%     90.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu22.commit.committed_per_cycle::4           84      0.46%     90.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu22.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         1488      8.21%     98.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu22.commit.committed_per_cycle::6           54      0.30%     99.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu22.commit.committed_per_cycle::7           84      0.46%     99.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu22.commit.committed_per_cycle::8           67      0.37%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu22.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu22.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu22.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu22.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        18126                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu22.commit.committedInsts              20649                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu22.commit.committedOps                21438                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu22.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu22.commit.refs                         3520                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu22.commit.loads                        2990                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu22.commit.membars                        34                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu22.commit.branches                     5069                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu22.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu22.commit.int_insts                   16507                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu22.commit.function_calls                 86                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          17916     83.57%     83.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.01%     83.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          2990     13.95%     97.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          530      2.47%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::total           21438                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.bw_lim_events                  67                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu22.rob.rob_reads                      42308                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu22.rob.rob_writes                     49649                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu22.timesIdled                            44                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu22.idleCycles                          8432                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu22.quiesceCycles                      74707                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu22.committedInsts                     20649                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu22.committedOps                       21438                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu22.cpi                             1.308296                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu22.cpi_total                       1.308296                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu22.ipc                             0.764353                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu22.ipc_total                       0.764353                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu22.int_regfile_reads                  29437                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu22.int_regfile_writes                  9387                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu22.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu22.cc_regfile_reads                   75918                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu22.cc_regfile_writes                  29566                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu22.misc_regfile_reads                  4810                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu22.misc_regfile_writes                  110                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu22.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu22.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           5.952197                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu22.dcache.tags.total_refs              3532                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu22.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              26                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu22.dcache.tags.avg_refs          135.846154                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu22.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu22.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu22.data     5.952197                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu22.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu22.data     0.005813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu22.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.005813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu22.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu22.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu22.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu22.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.025391                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu22.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            7386                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.tags.data_accesses           7386                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu22.data         3046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          3046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu22.data          482                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          482                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu22.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu22.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu22.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu22.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_hits::cpu22.data         3528                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_hits::total           3528                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_hits::cpu22.data         3530                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_hits::total          3530                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu22.data           76                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           76                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu22.data           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu22.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu22.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu22.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu22.data           25                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           25                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu22.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_misses::cpu22.data           95                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_misses::total           95                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_misses::cpu22.data           96                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_misses::total           96                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu22.data      6516183                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6516183                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu22.data      3717500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3717500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu22.data      1052936                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1052936                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu22.data       133000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       133000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu22.data       697498                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       697498                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu22.data     10233683                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     10233683                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu22.data     10233683                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     10233683                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu22.data         3122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu22.data          501                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          501                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu22.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu22.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu22.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu22.data           28                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           28                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu22.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu22.data         3623                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_accesses::total         3623                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu22.data         3626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_accesses::total         3626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu22.data     0.024343                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.024343                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu22.data     0.037924                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037924                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu22.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu22.data     0.892857                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.892857                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu22.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu22.data     0.026221                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.026221                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu22.data     0.026475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.026475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu22.data 85739.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85739.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu22.data 195657.894737                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 195657.894737                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu22.data 42117.440000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42117.440000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu22.data        19000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        19000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu22.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu22.data 107722.978947                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107722.978947                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu22.data 106600.864583                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106600.864583                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu22.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           47                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu22.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu22.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu22.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu22.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           47                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu22.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu22.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu22.data           48                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           48                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu22.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu22.data           60                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu22.data           60                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           60                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu22.data           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu22.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu22.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu22.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu22.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu22.data           25                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu22.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu22.data           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu22.data           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.data      2760507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2760507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.data      1164250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1164250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.data         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.data       964064                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       964064                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.data       124000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       124000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.data       683502                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       683502                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.data      3924757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3924757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.data      3934257                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3934257                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu22.data     0.008969                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008969                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu22.data     0.013972                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013972                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu22.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu22.data     0.892857                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.892857                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu22.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu22.data     0.009661                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009661                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu22.data     0.009928                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009928                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.data 98589.535714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98589.535714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.data 166321.428571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166321.428571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.data         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.data 38562.560000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38562.560000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.data 17714.285714                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17714.285714                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.data 112135.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112135.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.data 109284.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109284.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu22.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu22.icache.tags.tagsinuse          10.339126                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu22.icache.tags.total_refs               731                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu22.icache.tags.sampled_refs              53                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu22.icache.tags.avg_refs           13.792453                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu22.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu22.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu22.inst    10.339126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu22.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu22.inst     0.020194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu22.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.020194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu22.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu22.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu22.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu22.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.103516                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu22.icache.tags.tag_accesses            1667                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu22.icache.tags.data_accesses           1667                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu22.inst          731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu22.icache.demand_hits::cpu22.inst          731                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu22.icache.demand_hits::total            731                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu22.icache.overall_hits::cpu22.inst          731                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu22.icache.overall_hits::total           731                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu22.inst           76                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           76                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu22.icache.demand_misses::cpu22.inst           76                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu22.icache.demand_misses::total           76                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu22.icache.overall_misses::cpu22.inst           76                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu22.icache.overall_misses::total           76                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu22.inst      9553750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9553750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu22.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu22.inst      9553750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu22.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9553750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu22.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu22.inst      9553750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu22.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9553750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu22.inst          807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu22.icache.demand_accesses::cpu22.inst          807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu22.icache.demand_accesses::total          807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu22.icache.overall_accesses::cpu22.inst          807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu22.icache.overall_accesses::total          807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu22.inst     0.094176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.094176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu22.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu22.inst     0.094176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu22.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.094176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu22.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu22.inst     0.094176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu22.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.094176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu22.inst 125707.236842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125707.236842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu22.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu22.inst 125707.236842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu22.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125707.236842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu22.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu22.inst 125707.236842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu22.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125707.236842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu22.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          168                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu22.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu22.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu22.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu22.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           84                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu22.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu22.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu22.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu22.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu22.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu22.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu22.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu22.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu22.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu22.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu22.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu22.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu22.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu22.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu22.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu22.inst           53                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu22.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.inst      7495250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7495250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.inst      7495250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7495250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.inst      7495250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7495250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu22.inst     0.065675                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.065675                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu22.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu22.inst     0.065675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu22.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.065675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu22.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu22.inst     0.065675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu22.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.065675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.inst 141419.811321                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 141419.811321                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.inst 141419.811321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 141419.811321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.inst 141419.811321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 141419.811321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu23.branchPred.lookups                  6139                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu23.branchPred.condPredicted            5672                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu23.branchPred.condIncorrect             124                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu23.branchPred.BTBLookups               4652                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu23.branchPred.BTBHits                  3014                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu23.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu23.branchPred.BTBHitPct           64.789338                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu23.branchPred.usedRAS                   179                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu23.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu23.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu23.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu23.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu23.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu23.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu23.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu23.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu23.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu23.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu23.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu23.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu23.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu23.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu23.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu23.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu23.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu23.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu23.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu23.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu23.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu23.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu23.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu23.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu23.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu23.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu23.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu23.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu23.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu23.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu23.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu23.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu23.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu23.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu23.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu23.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu23.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu23.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu23.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu23.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu23.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu23.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu23.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu23.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu23.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu23.numCycles                          26441                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu23.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu23.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu23.fetch.icacheStallCycles             2417                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu23.fetch.Insts                        25487                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu23.fetch.Branches                      6139                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu23.fetch.predictedBranches             3193                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu23.fetch.Cycles                       15071                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu23.fetch.SquashCycles                   303                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu23.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu23.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu23.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           30                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu23.fetch.CacheLines                     776                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu23.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  63                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu23.fetch.rateDist::samples            17679                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu23.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.540302                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu23.fetch.rateDist::stdev           3.056979                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu23.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu23.fetch.rateDist::0                  13810     78.12%     78.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu23.fetch.rateDist::1                    190      1.07%     79.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu23.fetch.rateDist::2                     52      0.29%     79.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu23.fetch.rateDist::3                    165      0.93%     80.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu23.fetch.rateDist::4                     95      0.54%     80.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu23.fetch.rateDist::5                    192      1.09%     82.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu23.fetch.rateDist::6                    107      0.61%     82.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu23.fetch.rateDist::7                     84      0.48%     83.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu23.fetch.rateDist::8                   2984     16.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu23.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu23.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu23.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu23.fetch.rateDist::total              17679                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu23.fetch.branchRate                0.232177                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu23.fetch.rate                      0.963920                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu23.decode.IdleCycles                   2340                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu23.decode.BlockedCycles               11873                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu23.decode.RunCycles                     949                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu23.decode.UnblockCycles                2394                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu23.decode.SquashCycles                  123                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu23.decode.BranchResolved                211                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu23.decode.BranchMispred                  28                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu23.decode.DecodedInsts                24889                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu23.decode.SquashedInsts                 101                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu23.rename.SquashCycles                  123                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu23.rename.IdleCycles                   3223                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu23.rename.BlockCycles                  1234                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu23.rename.serializeStallCycles         4334                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu23.rename.RunCycles                    2436                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu23.rename.UnblockCycles                6329                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu23.rename.RenamedInsts                24346                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu23.rename.IQFullEvents                 6265                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu23.rename.LQFullEvents                    8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu23.rename.RenamedOperands             41809                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu23.rename.RenameLookups              117817                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu23.rename.int_rename_lookups          32474                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu23.rename.CommittedMaps               37010                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu23.rename.UndoneMaps                   4796                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu23.rename.serializingInsts               53                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu23.rename.tempSerializingInsts           52                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu23.rename.skidInsts                   11779                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu23.memDep0.insertedLoads               3361                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu23.memDep0.insertedStores               804                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu23.memDep0.conflictingLoads             222                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu23.memDep0.conflictingStores            115                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu23.iq.iqInstsAdded                    23803                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu23.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                92                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu23.iq.iqInstsIssued                   21703                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu23.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             401                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu23.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          3048                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu23.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        11165                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu23.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu23.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        17679                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu23.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.227615                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu23.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      0.963236                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu23.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu23.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              6647     37.60%     37.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu23.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               361      2.04%     39.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu23.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             10671     60.36%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu23.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu23.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu23.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            2                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu23.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         17679                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               18006     82.97%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.01%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               3138     14.46%     97.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               556      2.56%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::total                21703                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.rate                         0.820809                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu23.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu23.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu23.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            61484                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu23.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           26947                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu23.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        21496                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu23.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu23.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu23.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu23.iq.int_alu_accesses                21703                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu23.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu23.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              8                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu23.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu23.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          468                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu23.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu23.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            4                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu23.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          307                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu23.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu23.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu23.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            5                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu23.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           14                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu23.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu23.iew.iewSquashCycles                  123                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu23.iew.iewBlockCycles                   315                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu23.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 900                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu23.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             23898                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu23.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              80                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu23.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                3361                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu23.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                804                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu23.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               46                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu23.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    1                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu23.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 899                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu23.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            4                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu23.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           29                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu23.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           75                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu23.iew.branchMispredicts                104                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu23.iew.iewExecutedInsts               21616                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu23.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                3096                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu23.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              85                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu23.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu23.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu23.iew.exec_refs                       3641                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu23.iew.exec_branches                   5047                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu23.iew.exec_stores                      545                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu23.iew.exec_rate                   0.817518                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu23.iew.wb_sent                        21536                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu23.iew.wb_count                       21496                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu23.iew.wb_producers                   15336                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu23.iew.wb_consumers                   30988                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu23.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu23.iew.wb_rate                     0.812980                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu23.iew.wb_fanout                   0.494901                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu23.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu23.commit.commitSquashedInsts          2986                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu23.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            71                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu23.commit.branchMispredicts              96                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu23.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        17241                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu23.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.209153                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu23.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.625632                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu23.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu23.commit.committed_per_cycle::0         7791     45.19%     45.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu23.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         5062     29.36%     74.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu23.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         1175      6.82%     81.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu23.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         1483      8.60%     89.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu23.commit.committed_per_cycle::4           76      0.44%     90.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu23.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         1455      8.44%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu23.commit.committed_per_cycle::6           53      0.31%     99.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu23.commit.committed_per_cycle::7           79      0.46%     99.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu23.commit.committed_per_cycle::8           67      0.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu23.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu23.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu23.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu23.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        17241                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu23.commit.committedInsts              20096                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu23.commit.committedOps                20847                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu23.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu23.commit.refs                         3390                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu23.commit.loads                        2893                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu23.commit.membars                        32                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu23.commit.branches                     4937                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu23.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu23.commit.int_insts                   16042                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu23.commit.function_calls                 82                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          17455     83.73%     83.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.01%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          2893     13.88%     97.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          497      2.38%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::total           20847                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.bw_lim_events                  67                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu23.rob.rob_reads                      40708                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu23.rob.rob_writes                     48170                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu23.timesIdled                            43                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu23.idleCycles                          8762                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu23.quiesceCycles                      75281                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu23.committedInsts                     20096                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu23.committedOps                       20847                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu23.cpi                             1.315734                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu23.cpi_total                       1.315734                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu23.ipc                             0.760032                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu23.ipc_total                       0.760032                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu23.int_regfile_reads                  28732                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu23.int_regfile_writes                  9123                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu23.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu23.cc_regfile_reads                   73911                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu23.cc_regfile_writes                  28872                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu23.misc_regfile_reads                  4665                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu23.misc_regfile_writes                   67                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu23.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu23.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           5.799246                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu23.dcache.tags.total_refs              3431                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu23.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              27                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu23.dcache.tags.avg_refs          127.074074                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu23.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu23.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu23.data     5.799246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu23.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu23.data     0.005663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu23.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.005663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu23.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu23.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu23.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu23.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.026367                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu23.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            7139                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.tags.data_accesses           7139                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu23.data         2968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          2968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu23.data          459                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          459                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu23.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu23.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu23.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_hits::cpu23.data         3427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_hits::total           3427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_hits::cpu23.data         3429                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_hits::total          3429                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu23.data           71                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           71                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu23.data           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu23.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu23.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu23.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu23.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu23.data           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu23.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu23.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_misses::cpu23.data           90                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_misses::total           90                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_misses::cpu23.data           91                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_misses::total           91                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu23.data      8448750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8448750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu23.data      5642250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5642250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu23.data      1259446                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1259446                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu23.data        39500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        39500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu23.data        37000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        37000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu23.data     14091000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     14091000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu23.data     14091000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     14091000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu23.data         3039                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3039                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu23.data          478                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          478                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu23.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu23.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu23.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu23.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu23.data           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu23.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu23.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu23.data         3517                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_accesses::total         3517                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu23.data         3520                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_accesses::total         3520                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu23.data     0.023363                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.023363                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu23.data     0.039749                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.039749                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu23.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu23.data            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu23.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu23.data     0.025590                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.025590                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu23.data     0.025852                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.025852                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu23.data 118996.478873                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118996.478873                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu23.data 296960.526316                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 296960.526316                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu23.data 69969.222222                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69969.222222                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu23.data         9875                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total         9875                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu23.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu23.data 156566.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156566.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu23.data 154846.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154846.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu23.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           57                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu23.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu23.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu23.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu23.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           57                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu23.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu23.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu23.data           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu23.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu23.data           54                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu23.data           54                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           54                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu23.data           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu23.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu23.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu23.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu23.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu23.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu23.data           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu23.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu23.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu23.data           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu23.data           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.data      3419000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3419000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.data      1805000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1805000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.data         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.data      1197554                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1197554                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.data        30500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        30500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.data        34000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        34000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.data      5224000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5224000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.data      5233500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5233500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu23.data     0.009543                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009543                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu23.data     0.014644                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014644                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu23.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu23.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu23.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu23.data     0.010236                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010236                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu23.data     0.010511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.data 117896.551724                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117896.551724                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.data 257857.142857                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 257857.142857                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.data         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.data 66530.777778                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66530.777778                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.data         7625                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         7625                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.data 145111.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 145111.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.data 141445.945946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 141445.945946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu23.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu23.icache.tags.tagsinuse          10.105711                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu23.icache.tags.total_refs               701                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu23.icache.tags.sampled_refs              54                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu23.icache.tags.avg_refs           12.981481                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu23.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu23.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu23.inst    10.105711                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu23.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu23.inst     0.019738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu23.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.019738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu23.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu23.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu23.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu23.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.105469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu23.icache.tags.tag_accesses            1606                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu23.icache.tags.data_accesses           1606                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu23.inst          701                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           701                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu23.icache.demand_hits::cpu23.inst          701                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu23.icache.demand_hits::total            701                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu23.icache.overall_hits::cpu23.inst          701                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu23.icache.overall_hits::total           701                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu23.inst           75                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           75                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu23.icache.demand_misses::cpu23.inst           75                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu23.icache.demand_misses::total           75                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu23.icache.overall_misses::cpu23.inst           75                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu23.icache.overall_misses::total           75                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu23.inst      9772250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9772250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu23.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu23.inst      9772250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu23.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9772250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu23.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu23.inst      9772250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu23.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9772250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu23.inst          776                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          776                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu23.icache.demand_accesses::cpu23.inst          776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu23.icache.demand_accesses::total          776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu23.icache.overall_accesses::cpu23.inst          776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu23.icache.overall_accesses::total          776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu23.inst     0.096649                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.096649                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu23.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu23.inst     0.096649                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu23.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.096649                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu23.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu23.inst     0.096649                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu23.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.096649                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu23.inst 130296.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130296.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu23.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu23.inst 130296.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu23.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130296.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu23.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu23.inst 130296.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu23.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130296.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu23.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          178                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu23.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu23.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu23.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu23.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           89                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu23.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu23.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu23.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu23.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu23.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu23.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu23.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu23.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu23.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu23.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu23.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu23.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu23.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu23.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu23.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu23.inst           54                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu23.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           54                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.inst      7843500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7843500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.inst      7843500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7843500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.inst      7843500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7843500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu23.inst     0.069588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.069588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu23.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu23.inst     0.069588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu23.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.069588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu23.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu23.inst     0.069588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu23.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.069588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.inst       145250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       145250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.inst       145250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       145250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.inst       145250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       145250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu24.branchPred.lookups                  4818                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu24.branchPred.condPredicted            4400                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu24.branchPred.condIncorrect             114                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu24.branchPred.BTBLookups               3251                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu24.branchPred.BTBHits                  2352                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu24.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu24.branchPred.BTBHitPct           72.346970                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu24.branchPred.usedRAS                   148                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu24.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu24.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu24.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu24.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu24.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu24.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu24.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu24.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu24.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu24.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu24.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu24.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu24.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu24.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu24.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu24.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu24.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu24.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu24.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu24.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu24.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu24.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu24.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu24.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu24.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu24.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu24.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu24.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu24.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu24.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu24.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu24.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu24.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu24.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu24.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu24.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu24.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu24.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu24.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu24.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu24.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu24.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu24.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu24.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu24.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu24.numCycles                          25613                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu24.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu24.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu24.fetch.icacheStallCycles             2847                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu24.fetch.Insts                        20010                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu24.fetch.Branches                      4818                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu24.fetch.predictedBranches             2500                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu24.fetch.Cycles                       13940                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu24.fetch.SquashCycles                   271                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu24.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu24.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu24.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           30                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu24.fetch.CacheLines                     658                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu24.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  56                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu24.fetch.rateDist::samples            16962                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu24.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.268424                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu24.fetch.rateDist::stdev           2.836159                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu24.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu24.fetch.rateDist::0                  13936     82.16%     82.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu24.fetch.rateDist::1                    102      0.60%     82.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu24.fetch.rateDist::2                     37      0.22%     82.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu24.fetch.rateDist::3                    146      0.86%     83.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu24.fetch.rateDist::4                     84      0.50%     84.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu24.fetch.rateDist::5                    154      0.91%     85.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu24.fetch.rateDist::6                    103      0.61%     85.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu24.fetch.rateDist::7                     23      0.14%     85.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu24.fetch.rateDist::8                   2377     14.01%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu24.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu24.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu24.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu24.fetch.rateDist::total              16962                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu24.fetch.branchRate                0.188108                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu24.fetch.rate                      0.781244                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu24.decode.IdleCycles                   2115                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu24.decode.BlockedCycles               12080                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu24.decode.RunCycles                     822                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu24.decode.UnblockCycles                1837                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu24.decode.SquashCycles                  108                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu24.decode.BranchResolved                199                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu24.decode.BranchMispred                  27                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu24.decode.DecodedInsts                19680                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu24.decode.SquashedInsts                 101                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu24.rename.SquashCycles                  108                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu24.rename.IdleCycles                   2800                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu24.rename.BlockCycles                  2017                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu24.rename.serializeStallCycles         5240                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu24.rename.RunCycles                    1955                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu24.rename.UnblockCycles                4842                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu24.rename.RenamedInsts                19249                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu24.rename.IQFullEvents                 4780                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu24.rename.LQFullEvents                    8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu24.rename.RenamedOperands             32660                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu24.rename.RenameLookups               93012                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu24.rename.int_rename_lookups          25538                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu24.rename.CommittedMaps               28512                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu24.rename.UndoneMaps                   4148                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu24.rename.serializingInsts               62                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu24.rename.tempSerializingInsts           60                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu24.rename.skidInsts                    9119                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu24.memDep0.insertedLoads               2688                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu24.memDep0.insertedStores               729                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu24.memDep0.conflictingLoads             194                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu24.memDep0.conflictingStores            104                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu24.iq.iqInstsAdded                    18769                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu24.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                85                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu24.iq.iqInstsIssued                   16945                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu24.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             371                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu24.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          2719                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu24.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined         9758                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu24.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu24.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        16962                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu24.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       0.998998                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu24.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      0.989747                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu24.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu24.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              8316     49.03%     49.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu24.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               347      2.05%     51.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu24.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              8299     48.93%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu24.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu24.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu24.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            2                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu24.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         16962                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               13993     82.58%     82.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.02%     82.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     82.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     82.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     82.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     82.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     82.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     82.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     82.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     82.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     82.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     82.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     82.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     82.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     82.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     82.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     82.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     82.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     82.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     82.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     82.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     82.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     82.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     82.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     82.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     82.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               2487     14.68%     97.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               462      2.73%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::total                16945                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.rate                         0.661578                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu24.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu24.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu24.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            51223                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu24.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           21577                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu24.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        16755                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu24.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu24.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu24.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu24.iq.int_alu_accesses                16945                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu24.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu24.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              7                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu24.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu24.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          438                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu24.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu24.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            4                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu24.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          312                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu24.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu24.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu24.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            4                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu24.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           16                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu24.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu24.iew.iewSquashCycles                  108                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu24.iew.iewBlockCycles                   291                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu24.iew.iewUnblockCycles                1710                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu24.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             18857                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu24.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              32                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu24.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                2688                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu24.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                729                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu24.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               49                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu24.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    1                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu24.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                1709                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu24.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            4                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu24.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           26                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu24.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           70                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu24.iew.branchMispredicts                 96                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu24.iew.iewExecutedInsts               16869                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu24.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                2452                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu24.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              76                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu24.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu24.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu24.iew.exec_refs                       2904                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu24.iew.exec_branches                   3912                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu24.iew.exec_stores                      452                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu24.iew.exec_rate                   0.658611                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu24.iew.wb_sent                        16792                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu24.iew.wb_count                       16755                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu24.iew.wb_producers                   11901                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu24.iew.wb_consumers                   23933                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu24.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu24.iew.wb_rate                     0.654160                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu24.iew.wb_fanout                   0.497263                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu24.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu24.commit.commitSquashedInsts          2721                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu24.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            71                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu24.commit.branchMispredicts              87                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu24.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        16563                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu24.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.974159                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu24.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.535219                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu24.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu24.commit.committed_per_cycle::0         9233     55.74%     55.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu24.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         3942     23.80%     79.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu24.commit.committed_per_cycle::2          918      5.54%     85.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu24.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         1136      6.86%     91.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu24.commit.committed_per_cycle::4           36      0.22%     92.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu24.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         1146      6.92%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu24.commit.committed_per_cycle::6           38      0.23%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu24.commit.committed_per_cycle::7           65      0.39%     99.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu24.commit.committed_per_cycle::8           49      0.30%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu24.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu24.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu24.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu24.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        16563                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu24.commit.committedInsts              15532                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu24.commit.committedOps                16135                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu24.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu24.commit.refs                         2667                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu24.commit.loads                        2250                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu24.commit.membars                        27                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu24.commit.branches                     3809                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu24.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu24.commit.int_insts                   12432                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu24.commit.function_calls                 67                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          13466     83.46%     83.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.01%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          2250     13.94%     97.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          417      2.58%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::total           16135                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.bw_lim_events                  49                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu24.rob.rob_reads                      35149                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu24.rob.rob_writes                     38113                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu24.timesIdled                            45                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu24.idleCycles                          8651                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu24.quiesceCycles                      76109                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu24.committedInsts                     15532                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu24.committedOps                       16135                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu24.cpi                             1.649047                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu24.cpi_total                       1.649047                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu24.ipc                             0.606411                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu24.ipc_total                       0.606411                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu24.int_regfile_reads                  22346                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu24.int_regfile_writes                  7196                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu24.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu24.cc_regfile_reads                   57777                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu24.cc_regfile_writes                  22276                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu24.misc_regfile_reads                  3918                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu24.misc_regfile_writes                  109                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu24.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu24.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           5.269395                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu24.dcache.tags.total_refs              2681                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu24.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              25                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu24.dcache.tags.avg_refs          107.240000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu24.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu24.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu24.data     5.269395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu24.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu24.data     0.005146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu24.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.005146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu24.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu24.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu24.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu24.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.024414                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu24.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            5685                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.tags.data_accesses           5685                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu24.data         2311                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          2311                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu24.data          366                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          366                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu24.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu24.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu24.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu24.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_hits::cpu24.data         2677                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_hits::total           2677                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_hits::cpu24.data         2679                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_hits::total          2679                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu24.data           75                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           75                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu24.data           22                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           22                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu24.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu24.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu24.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu24.data           25                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           25                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu24.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_misses::cpu24.data           97                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_misses::total           97                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_misses::cpu24.data           98                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_misses::total           98                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu24.data      9037227                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9037227                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu24.data      8598250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8598250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu24.data       947931                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       947931                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu24.data        37500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        37500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu24.data       624999                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       624999                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu24.data     17635477                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     17635477                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu24.data     17635477                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     17635477                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu24.data         2386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu24.data          388                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          388                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu24.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu24.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu24.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu24.data           27                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           27                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu24.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu24.data         2774                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_accesses::total         2774                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu24.data         2777                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2777                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu24.data     0.031433                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.031433                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu24.data     0.056701                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.056701                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu24.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu24.data     0.925926                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.925926                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu24.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu24.data     0.034968                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.034968                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu24.data     0.035290                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.035290                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu24.data 120496.360000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120496.360000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu24.data 390829.545455                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 390829.545455                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu24.data 37917.240000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37917.240000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu24.data  5357.142857                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5357.142857                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu24.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu24.data 181809.041237                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 181809.041237                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu24.data 179953.846939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 179953.846939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu24.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           57                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu24.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu24.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu24.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu24.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           57                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu24.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu24.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu24.data           48                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           48                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu24.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu24.data           63                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           63                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu24.data           63                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           63                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu24.data           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu24.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu24.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu24.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu24.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu24.data           25                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu24.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu24.data           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu24.data           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.data      3061003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3061003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.data      2689750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2689750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.data         9000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.data       860069                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       860069                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.data        28500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        28500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.data       612001                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       612001                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.data      5750753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5750753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.data      5759753                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5759753                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu24.data     0.011316                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011316                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu24.data     0.018041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu24.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu24.data     0.925926                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.925926                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu24.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu24.data     0.012257                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012257                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu24.data     0.012604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.data 113370.481481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113370.481481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.data       384250                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       384250                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.data         9000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.data 34402.760000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34402.760000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.data  4071.428571                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4071.428571                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.data 169139.794118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169139.794118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.data 164564.371429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164564.371429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu24.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu24.icache.tags.tagsinuse           9.588605                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu24.icache.tags.total_refs               585                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu24.icache.tags.sampled_refs              52                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu24.icache.tags.avg_refs           11.250000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu24.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu24.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu24.inst     9.588605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu24.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu24.inst     0.018728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu24.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.018728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu24.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu24.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu24.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu24.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.101562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu24.icache.tags.tag_accesses            1368                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu24.icache.tags.data_accesses           1368                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu24.inst          585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu24.icache.demand_hits::cpu24.inst          585                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu24.icache.demand_hits::total            585                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu24.icache.overall_hits::cpu24.inst          585                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu24.icache.overall_hits::total           585                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu24.inst           73                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           73                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu24.icache.demand_misses::cpu24.inst           73                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu24.icache.demand_misses::total           73                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu24.icache.overall_misses::cpu24.inst           73                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu24.icache.overall_misses::total           73                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu24.inst      9690000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9690000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu24.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu24.inst      9690000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu24.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9690000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu24.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu24.inst      9690000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu24.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9690000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu24.inst          658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu24.icache.demand_accesses::cpu24.inst          658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu24.icache.demand_accesses::total          658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu24.icache.overall_accesses::cpu24.inst          658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu24.icache.overall_accesses::total          658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu24.inst     0.110942                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.110942                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu24.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu24.inst     0.110942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu24.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.110942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu24.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu24.inst     0.110942                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu24.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.110942                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu24.inst 132739.726027                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132739.726027                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu24.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu24.inst 132739.726027                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu24.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 132739.726027                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu24.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu24.inst 132739.726027                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu24.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 132739.726027                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu24.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          227                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu24.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu24.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu24.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu24.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   113.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu24.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu24.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu24.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu24.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu24.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu24.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu24.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu24.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu24.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu24.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu24.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu24.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu24.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu24.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu24.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu24.inst           52                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu24.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.inst      7659500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7659500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.inst      7659500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7659500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.inst      7659500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7659500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu24.inst     0.079027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.079027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu24.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu24.inst     0.079027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu24.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.079027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu24.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu24.inst     0.079027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu24.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.079027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.inst 147298.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 147298.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.inst 147298.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 147298.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.inst 147298.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 147298.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu25.branchPred.lookups                  4111                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu25.branchPred.condPredicted            3725                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu25.branchPred.condIncorrect             109                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu25.branchPred.BTBLookups               2923                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu25.branchPred.BTBHits                  1972                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu25.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu25.branchPred.BTBHitPct           67.464933                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu25.branchPred.usedRAS                   129                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu25.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu25.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu25.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu25.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu25.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu25.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu25.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu25.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu25.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu25.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu25.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu25.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu25.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu25.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu25.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu25.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu25.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu25.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu25.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu25.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu25.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu25.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu25.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu25.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu25.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu25.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu25.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu25.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu25.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu25.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu25.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu25.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu25.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu25.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu25.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu25.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu25.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu25.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu25.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu25.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu25.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu25.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu25.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu25.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu25.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu25.numCycles                          24914                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu25.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu25.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu25.fetch.icacheStallCycles             2322                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu25.fetch.Insts                        17154                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu25.fetch.Branches                      4111                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu25.fetch.predictedBranches             2101                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu25.fetch.Cycles                       13527                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu25.fetch.SquashCycles                   255                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu25.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu25.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu25.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           30                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu25.fetch.CacheLines                     596                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu25.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  58                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu25.fetch.rateDist::samples            16016                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu25.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.156031                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu25.fetch.rateDist::stdev           2.708563                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu25.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu25.fetch.rateDist::0                  13277     82.90%     82.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu25.fetch.rateDist::1                    217      1.35%     84.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu25.fetch.rateDist::2                     33      0.21%     84.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu25.fetch.rateDist::3                    131      0.82%     85.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu25.fetch.rateDist::4                     62      0.39%     85.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu25.fetch.rateDist::5                    152      0.95%     86.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu25.fetch.rateDist::6                     87      0.54%     87.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu25.fetch.rateDist::7                    147      0.92%     88.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu25.fetch.rateDist::8                   1910     11.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu25.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu25.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu25.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu25.fetch.rateDist::total              16016                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu25.fetch.branchRate                0.165008                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu25.fetch.rate                      0.688529                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu25.decode.IdleCycles                   1994                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu25.decode.BlockedCycles               11648                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu25.decode.RunCycles                     733                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu25.decode.UnblockCycles                1542                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu25.decode.SquashCycles                   99                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu25.decode.BranchResolved                175                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu25.decode.BranchMispred                  28                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu25.decode.DecodedInsts                16842                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu25.decode.SquashedInsts                  93                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu25.rename.SquashCycles                   99                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu25.rename.IdleCycles                   2577                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu25.rename.BlockCycles                  2589                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu25.rename.serializeStallCycles         5015                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu25.rename.RunCycles                    1677                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu25.rename.UnblockCycles                4059                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu25.rename.RenamedInsts                16416                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu25.rename.IQFullEvents                 4003                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu25.rename.LQFullEvents                    8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu25.rename.RenamedOperands             27610                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu25.rename.RenameLookups               79247                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu25.rename.int_rename_lookups          21734                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu25.rename.CommittedMaps               24017                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu25.rename.UndoneMaps                   3582                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu25.rename.serializingInsts               56                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu25.rename.tempSerializingInsts           55                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu25.rename.skidInsts                    7707                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu25.memDep0.insertedLoads               2301                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu25.memDep0.insertedStores               658                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu25.memDep0.conflictingLoads             143                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu25.memDep0.conflictingStores             68                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu25.iq.iqInstsAdded                    15962                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu25.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                81                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu25.iq.iqInstsIssued                   14333                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu25.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             330                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu25.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          2415                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu25.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined         8754                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu25.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu25.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        16016                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu25.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       0.894918                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu25.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      0.983477                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu25.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu25.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              8675     54.16%     54.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu25.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               349      2.18%     56.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu25.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              6992     43.66%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu25.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu25.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu25.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            2                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu25.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         16016                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               11798     82.31%     82.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.02%     82.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     82.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     82.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     82.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     82.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     82.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     82.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     82.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     82.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     82.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     82.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     82.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     82.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     82.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     82.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     82.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     82.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     82.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     82.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     82.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     82.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     82.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     82.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     82.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     82.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               2128     14.85%     97.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               404      2.82%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::total                14333                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.rate                         0.575299                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu25.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu25.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu25.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            45010                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu25.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           18461                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu25.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        14155                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu25.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu25.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu25.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu25.iq.int_alu_accesses                14333                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu25.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu25.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              7                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu25.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu25.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          395                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu25.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu25.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            3                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu25.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          292                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu25.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu25.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu25.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            5                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu25.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           13                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu25.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu25.iew.iewSquashCycles                   99                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu25.iew.iewBlockCycles                   249                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu25.iew.iewUnblockCycles                2328                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu25.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             16046                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu25.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              56                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu25.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                2301                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu25.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                658                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu25.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               49                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu25.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    1                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu25.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                2327                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu25.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            3                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu25.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           20                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu25.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           69                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu25.iew.branchMispredicts                 89                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu25.iew.iewExecutedInsts               14265                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu25.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                2096                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu25.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              66                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu25.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu25.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu25.iew.exec_refs                       2491                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu25.iew.exec_branches                   3302                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu25.iew.exec_stores                      395                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu25.iew.exec_rate                   0.572570                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu25.iew.wb_sent                        14188                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu25.iew.wb_count                       14155                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu25.iew.wb_producers                   10011                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu25.iew.wb_consumers                   20125                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu25.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu25.iew.wb_rate                     0.568154                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu25.iew.wb_fanout                   0.497441                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu25.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu25.commit.commitSquashedInsts          2353                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu25.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            68                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu25.commit.branchMispredicts              81                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu25.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        15668                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu25.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.869798                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu25.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.487472                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu25.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu25.commit.committed_per_cycle::0         9494     60.59%     60.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu25.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         3320     21.19%     81.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu25.commit.committed_per_cycle::2          778      4.97%     86.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu25.commit.committed_per_cycle::3          949      6.06%     92.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu25.commit.committed_per_cycle::4           14      0.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu25.commit.committed_per_cycle::5          973      6.21%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu25.commit.committed_per_cycle::6           38      0.24%     99.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu25.commit.committed_per_cycle::7           60      0.38%     99.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu25.commit.committed_per_cycle::8           42      0.27%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu25.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu25.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu25.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu25.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        15668                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu25.commit.committedInsts              13109                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu25.commit.committedOps                13628                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu25.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu25.commit.refs                         2272                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu25.commit.loads                        1906                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu25.commit.membars                        24                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu25.commit.branches                     3211                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu25.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu25.commit.int_insts                   10509                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu25.commit.function_calls                 58                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          11354     83.31%     83.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.01%     83.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     83.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     83.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     83.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     83.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     83.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     83.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     83.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     83.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          1906     13.99%     97.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          366      2.69%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::total           13628                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.bw_lim_events                  42                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu25.rob.rob_reads                      31412                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu25.rob.rob_writes                     32376                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu25.timesIdled                            47                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu25.idleCycles                          8898                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu25.quiesceCycles                      76808                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu25.committedInsts                     13109                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu25.committedOps                       13628                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu25.cpi                             1.900526                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu25.cpi_total                       1.900526                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu25.ipc                             0.526170                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu25.ipc_total                       0.526170                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu25.int_regfile_reads                  18840                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu25.int_regfile_writes                  6124                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu25.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu25.cc_regfile_reads                   48906                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu25.cc_regfile_writes                  18705                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu25.misc_regfile_reads                  3436                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu25.misc_regfile_writes                  121                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu25.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu25.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           5.106107                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu25.dcache.tags.total_refs              2276                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu25.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              25                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu25.dcache.tags.avg_refs           91.040000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu25.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu25.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu25.data     5.106107                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu25.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu25.data     0.004986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu25.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.004986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu25.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu25.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu25.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu25.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.024414                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu25.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            4889                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.tags.data_accesses           4889                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu25.data         1960                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          1960                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu25.data          312                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          312                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu25.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu25.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu25.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_hits::cpu25.data         2272                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_hits::total           2272                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_hits::cpu25.data         2274                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_hits::total          2274                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu25.data           69                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           69                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu25.data           22                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           22                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu25.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu25.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu25.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu25.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu25.data           30                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu25.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           30                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu25.data           12                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           12                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_misses::cpu25.data           91                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_misses::total           91                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_misses::cpu25.data           92                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_misses::total           92                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu25.data      8964248                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8964248                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu25.data      8162500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8162500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu25.data      1322438                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1322438                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu25.data        38500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        38500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu25.data       334500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       334500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu25.data     17126748                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     17126748                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu25.data     17126748                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     17126748                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu25.data         2029                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2029                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu25.data          334                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          334                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu25.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu25.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu25.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu25.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu25.data           30                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu25.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           30                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu25.data           12                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           12                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu25.data         2363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_accesses::total         2363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu25.data         2366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu25.data     0.034007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.034007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu25.data     0.065868                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.065868                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu25.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu25.data            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu25.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu25.data     0.038510                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.038510                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu25.data     0.038884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.038884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu25.data 129916.637681                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129916.637681                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu25.data 371022.727273                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 371022.727273                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu25.data 44081.266667                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44081.266667                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu25.data  3208.333333                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  3208.333333                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu25.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu25.data 188206.021978                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 188206.021978                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu25.data 186160.304348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 186160.304348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu25.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           47                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu25.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu25.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu25.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu25.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           47                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu25.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu25.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu25.data           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu25.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu25.data           57                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu25.data           57                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           57                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu25.data           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu25.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu25.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu25.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu25.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu25.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu25.data           30                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu25.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu25.data           12                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu25.data           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu25.data           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.data      2798002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2798002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.data      2660250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2660250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.data         9000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.data      1214562                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1214562                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.data        29500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        29500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.data       307500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       307500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.data      5458252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5458252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.data      5467252                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5467252                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu25.data     0.013307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu25.data     0.020958                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020958                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu25.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu25.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu25.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu25.data     0.014388                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014388                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu25.data     0.014793                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014793                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.data 103629.703704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103629.703704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.data 380035.714286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 380035.714286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.data         9000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.data 40485.400000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40485.400000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.data  2458.333333                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  2458.333333                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.data 160536.823529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160536.823529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.data 156207.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156207.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu25.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu25.icache.tags.tagsinuse           9.332422                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu25.icache.tags.total_refs               523                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu25.icache.tags.sampled_refs              54                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu25.icache.tags.avg_refs            9.685185                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu25.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu25.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu25.inst     9.332422                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu25.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu25.inst     0.018227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu25.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.018227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu25.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu25.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu25.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu25.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.105469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu25.icache.tags.tag_accesses            1246                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu25.icache.tags.data_accesses           1246                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu25.inst          523                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           523                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu25.icache.demand_hits::cpu25.inst          523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu25.icache.demand_hits::total            523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu25.icache.overall_hits::cpu25.inst          523                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu25.icache.overall_hits::total           523                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu25.inst           73                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           73                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu25.icache.demand_misses::cpu25.inst           73                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu25.icache.demand_misses::total           73                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu25.icache.overall_misses::cpu25.inst           73                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu25.icache.overall_misses::total           73                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu25.inst      9086000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9086000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu25.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu25.inst      9086000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu25.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9086000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu25.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu25.inst      9086000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu25.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9086000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu25.inst          596                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          596                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu25.icache.demand_accesses::cpu25.inst          596                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu25.icache.demand_accesses::total          596                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu25.icache.overall_accesses::cpu25.inst          596                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu25.icache.overall_accesses::total          596                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu25.inst     0.122483                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.122483                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu25.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu25.inst     0.122483                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu25.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.122483                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu25.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu25.inst     0.122483                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu25.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.122483                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu25.inst 124465.753425                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124465.753425                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu25.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu25.inst 124465.753425                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu25.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124465.753425                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu25.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu25.inst 124465.753425                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu25.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124465.753425                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu25.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          205                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu25.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu25.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu25.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu25.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   102.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu25.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu25.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu25.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu25.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu25.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu25.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu25.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu25.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu25.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu25.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu25.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu25.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu25.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu25.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu25.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu25.inst           54                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu25.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           54                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.inst      7602250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7602250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.inst      7602250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7602250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.inst      7602250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7602250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu25.inst     0.090604                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090604                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu25.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu25.inst     0.090604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu25.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu25.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu25.inst     0.090604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu25.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.inst 140782.407407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 140782.407407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.inst 140782.407407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 140782.407407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.inst 140782.407407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 140782.407407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu26.branchPred.lookups                  4032                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu26.branchPred.condPredicted            3653                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu26.branchPred.condIncorrect             108                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu26.branchPred.BTBLookups               2564                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu26.branchPred.BTBHits                  1958                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu26.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu26.branchPred.BTBHitPct           76.365055                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu26.branchPred.usedRAS                   126                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu26.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu26.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu26.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu26.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu26.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu26.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu26.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu26.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu26.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu26.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu26.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu26.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu26.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu26.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu26.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu26.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu26.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu26.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu26.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu26.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu26.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu26.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu26.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu26.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu26.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu26.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu26.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu26.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu26.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu26.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu26.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu26.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu26.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu26.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu26.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu26.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu26.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu26.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu26.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu26.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu26.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu26.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu26.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu26.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu26.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu26.numCycles                          24032                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu26.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu26.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu26.fetch.icacheStallCycles             2166                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu26.fetch.Insts                        16817                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu26.fetch.Branches                      4032                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu26.fetch.predictedBranches             2084                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu26.fetch.Cycles                       12881                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu26.fetch.SquashCycles                   253                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu26.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu26.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu26.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           30                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu26.fetch.CacheLines                     602                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu26.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  60                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu26.fetch.rateDist::samples            15213                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu26.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.194110                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu26.fetch.rateDist::stdev           2.753357                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu26.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu26.fetch.rateDist::0                  12581     82.70%     82.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu26.fetch.rateDist::1                    151      0.99%     83.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu26.fetch.rateDist::2                     36      0.24%     83.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu26.fetch.rateDist::3                    131      0.86%     84.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu26.fetch.rateDist::4                     74      0.49%     85.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu26.fetch.rateDist::5                    134      0.88%     86.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu26.fetch.rateDist::6                     91      0.60%     86.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu26.fetch.rateDist::7                     82      0.54%     87.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu26.fetch.rateDist::8                   1933     12.71%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu26.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu26.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu26.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu26.fetch.rateDist::total              15213                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu26.fetch.branchRate                0.167776                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu26.fetch.rate                      0.699775                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu26.decode.IdleCycles                   1961                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu26.decode.BlockedCycles               10900                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu26.decode.RunCycles                     735                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu26.decode.UnblockCycles                1518                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu26.decode.SquashCycles                   99                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu26.decode.BranchResolved                185                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu26.decode.BranchMispred                  27                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu26.decode.DecodedInsts                16613                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu26.decode.SquashedInsts                  93                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu26.rename.SquashCycles                   99                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu26.rename.IdleCycles                   2534                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu26.rename.BlockCycles                  2698                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu26.rename.serializeStallCycles         4231                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu26.rename.RunCycles                    1664                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu26.rename.UnblockCycles                3987                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu26.rename.RenamedInsts                16211                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu26.rename.IQFullEvents                 3937                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu26.rename.LQFullEvents                    8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu26.rename.RenamedOperands             27215                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu26.rename.RenameLookups               78255                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu26.rename.int_rename_lookups          21437                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu26.rename.CommittedMaps               23688                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu26.rename.UndoneMaps                   3526                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu26.rename.serializingInsts               46                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu26.rename.tempSerializingInsts           45                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu26.rename.skidInsts                    7516                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu26.memDep0.insertedLoads               2279                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu26.memDep0.insertedStores               653                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu26.memDep0.conflictingLoads             187                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu26.memDep0.conflictingStores             86                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu26.iq.iqInstsAdded                    15754                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu26.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                73                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu26.iq.iqInstsIssued                   14075                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu26.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             322                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu26.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          2420                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu26.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined         8922                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu26.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu26.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        15213                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu26.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       0.925196                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu26.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      0.986661                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu26.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu26.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              8016     52.69%     52.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu26.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               319      2.10%     54.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu26.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              6878     45.21%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu26.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu26.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu26.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            2                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu26.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         15213                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               11610     82.49%     82.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.02%     82.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     82.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     82.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     82.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     82.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     82.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     82.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     82.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     82.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     82.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     82.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     82.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     82.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     82.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     82.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     82.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     82.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     82.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     82.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     82.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     82.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     82.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     82.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     82.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     82.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               2080     14.78%     97.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               382      2.71%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::total                14075                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.rate                         0.585677                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu26.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu26.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu26.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            43683                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu26.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           18254                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu26.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        13903                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu26.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu26.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu26.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu26.iq.int_alu_accesses                14075                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu26.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu26.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              7                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu26.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu26.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          408                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu26.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu26.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu26.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          310                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu26.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu26.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu26.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            5                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu26.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            9                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu26.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu26.iew.iewSquashCycles                   99                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu26.iew.iewBlockCycles                   261                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu26.iew.iewUnblockCycles                2417                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu26.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             15830                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu26.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              56                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu26.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                2279                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu26.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                653                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu26.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               38                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu26.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    2                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu26.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                2415                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu26.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu26.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           21                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu26.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           67                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu26.iew.branchMispredicts                 88                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu26.iew.iewExecutedInsts               14009                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu26.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                2049                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu26.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              64                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu26.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu26.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu26.iew.exec_refs                       2424                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu26.iew.exec_branches                   3245                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu26.iew.exec_stores                      375                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu26.iew.exec_rate                   0.582931                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu26.iew.wb_sent                        13936                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu26.iew.wb_count                       13903                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu26.iew.wb_producers                    9854                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu26.iew.wb_consumers                   19829                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu26.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu26.iew.wb_rate                     0.578520                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu26.iew.wb_fanout                   0.496949                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu26.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu26.commit.commitSquashedInsts          2359                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu26.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            57                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu26.commit.branchMispredicts              81                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu26.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        14866                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu26.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.901857                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu26.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.506345                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu26.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu26.commit.committed_per_cycle::0         8813     59.28%     59.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu26.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         3238     21.78%     81.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu26.commit.committed_per_cycle::2          760      5.11%     86.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu26.commit.committed_per_cycle::3          942      6.34%     92.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu26.commit.committed_per_cycle::4           18      0.12%     92.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu26.commit.committed_per_cycle::5          961      6.46%     99.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu26.commit.committed_per_cycle::6           33      0.22%     99.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu26.commit.committed_per_cycle::7           60      0.40%     99.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu26.commit.committed_per_cycle::8           41      0.28%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu26.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu26.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu26.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu26.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        14866                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu26.commit.committedInsts              12908                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu26.commit.committedOps                13407                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu26.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu26.commit.refs                         2214                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu26.commit.loads                        1871                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu26.commit.membars                        24                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu26.commit.branches                     3166                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu26.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu26.commit.int_insts                   10329                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu26.commit.function_calls                 56                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          11191     83.47%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.01%     83.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     83.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     83.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     83.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     83.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     83.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     83.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     83.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     83.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          1871     13.96%     97.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          343      2.56%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::total           13407                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.bw_lim_events                  41                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu26.rob.rob_reads                      30409                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu26.rob.rob_writes                     31945                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu26.timesIdled                            45                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu26.idleCycles                          8819                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu26.quiesceCycles                      77690                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu26.committedInsts                     12908                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu26.committedOps                       13407                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu26.cpi                             1.861791                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu26.cpi_total                       1.861791                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu26.ipc                             0.537117                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu26.ipc_total                       0.537117                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu26.int_regfile_reads                  18508                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu26.int_regfile_writes                  5995                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu26.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu26.cc_regfile_reads                   47976                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu26.cc_regfile_writes                  18417                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu26.misc_regfile_reads                  3327                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu26.misc_regfile_writes                   78                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu26.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu26.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           5.138872                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu26.dcache.tags.total_refs              2231                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu26.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              26                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu26.dcache.tags.avg_refs           85.807692                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu26.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu26.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu26.data     5.138872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu26.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu26.data     0.005018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu26.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.005018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu26.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu26.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu26.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu26.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.025391                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu26.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            4768                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.tags.data_accesses           4768                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu26.data         1928                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          1928                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu26.data          299                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          299                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu26.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu26.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu26.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu26.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_hits::cpu26.data         2227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_hits::total           2227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_hits::cpu26.data         2229                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_hits::total          2229                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu26.data           69                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           69                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu26.data           22                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           22                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu26.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu26.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu26.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu26.data           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu26.data           12                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           12                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_misses::cpu26.data           91                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_misses::total           91                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_misses::cpu26.data           92                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_misses::total           92                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu26.data      9438714                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9438714                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu26.data      7845750                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7845750                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu26.data      1118401                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1118401                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu26.data        37499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        37499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu26.data       265999                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       265999                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu26.data     17284464                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     17284464                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu26.data     17284464                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     17284464                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu26.data         1997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu26.data          321                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          321                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu26.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu26.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu26.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu26.data           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu26.data           12                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           12                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu26.data         2318                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_accesses::total         2318                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu26.data         2321                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2321                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu26.data     0.034552                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.034552                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu26.data     0.068536                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.068536                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu26.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu26.data     0.900000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.900000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu26.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu26.data     0.039258                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.039258                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu26.data     0.039638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.039638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu26.data 136792.956522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 136792.956522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu26.data       356625                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total       356625                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu26.data 62133.388889                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62133.388889                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu26.data  3124.916667                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  3124.916667                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu26.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu26.data 189939.164835                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 189939.164835                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu26.data 187874.608696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 187874.608696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           19                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu26.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           30                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu26.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu26.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu26.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           19                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu26.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           30                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu26.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu26.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu26.data           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu26.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu26.data           56                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu26.data           56                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           56                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu26.data           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu26.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu26.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu26.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu26.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu26.data           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu26.data           12                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu26.data           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu26.data           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.data      3136003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3136003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.data      2581250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2581250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.data         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.data      1050599                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1050599                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.data        27001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        27001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.data       237501                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       237501                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.data      5717253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5717253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.data      5726753                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5726753                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu26.data     0.014021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu26.data     0.021807                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021807                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu26.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu26.data     0.900000                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.900000                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu26.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu26.data     0.015099                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015099                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu26.data     0.015511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.data 112000.107143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112000.107143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.data       368750                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       368750                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.data         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.data 58366.611111                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58366.611111                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.data  2250.083333                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  2250.083333                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.data 163350.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163350.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.data 159076.472222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159076.472222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu26.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu26.icache.tags.tagsinuse           9.027606                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu26.icache.tags.total_refs               528                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu26.icache.tags.sampled_refs              53                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu26.icache.tags.avg_refs            9.962264                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu26.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu26.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu26.inst     9.027606                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu26.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu26.inst     0.017632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu26.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.017632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu26.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu26.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu26.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu26.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.103516                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu26.icache.tags.tag_accesses            1257                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu26.icache.tags.data_accesses           1257                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu26.inst          528                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           528                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu26.icache.demand_hits::cpu26.inst          528                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu26.icache.demand_hits::total            528                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu26.icache.overall_hits::cpu26.inst          528                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu26.icache.overall_hits::total           528                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu26.inst           74                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           74                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu26.icache.demand_misses::cpu26.inst           74                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu26.icache.demand_misses::total           74                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu26.icache.overall_misses::cpu26.inst           74                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu26.icache.overall_misses::total           74                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu26.inst      9663000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9663000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu26.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu26.inst      9663000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu26.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9663000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu26.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu26.inst      9663000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu26.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9663000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu26.inst          602                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          602                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu26.icache.demand_accesses::cpu26.inst          602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu26.icache.demand_accesses::total          602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu26.icache.overall_accesses::cpu26.inst          602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu26.icache.overall_accesses::total          602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu26.inst     0.122924                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.122924                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu26.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu26.inst     0.122924                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu26.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.122924                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu26.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu26.inst     0.122924                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu26.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.122924                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu26.inst 130581.081081                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130581.081081                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu26.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu26.inst 130581.081081                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu26.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130581.081081                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu26.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu26.inst 130581.081081                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu26.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130581.081081                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu26.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          185                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu26.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu26.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu26.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu26.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    92.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu26.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu26.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu26.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu26.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu26.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu26.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu26.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu26.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu26.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu26.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu26.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu26.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu26.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu26.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu26.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu26.inst           53                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu26.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.inst      7445000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7445000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.inst      7445000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7445000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.inst      7445000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7445000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu26.inst     0.088040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.088040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu26.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu26.inst     0.088040                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu26.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.088040                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu26.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu26.inst     0.088040                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu26.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.088040                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.inst 140471.698113                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 140471.698113                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.inst 140471.698113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 140471.698113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.inst 140471.698113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 140471.698113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu27.branchPred.lookups                  4024                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu27.branchPred.condPredicted            3639                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu27.branchPred.condIncorrect             112                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu27.branchPred.BTBLookups               2419                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu27.branchPred.BTBHits                  1912                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu27.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu27.branchPred.BTBHitPct           79.040926                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu27.branchPred.usedRAS                   126                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu27.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu27.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu27.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu27.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu27.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu27.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu27.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu27.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu27.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu27.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu27.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu27.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu27.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu27.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu27.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu27.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu27.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu27.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu27.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu27.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu27.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu27.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu27.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu27.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu27.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu27.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu27.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu27.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu27.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu27.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu27.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu27.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu27.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu27.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu27.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu27.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu27.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu27.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu27.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu27.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu27.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu27.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu27.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu27.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu27.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu27.numCycles                          22841                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu27.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu27.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu27.fetch.icacheStallCycles             2307                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu27.fetch.Insts                        16868                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu27.fetch.Branches                      4024                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu27.fetch.predictedBranches             2038                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu27.fetch.Cycles                       11837                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu27.fetch.SquashCycles                   259                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu27.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu27.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu27.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu27.fetch.CacheLines                     606                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu27.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  56                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu27.fetch.rateDist::samples            14295                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu27.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.275901                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu27.fetch.rateDist::stdev           2.808543                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu27.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu27.fetch.rateDist::0                  11542     80.74%     80.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu27.fetch.rateDist::1                    274      1.92%     82.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu27.fetch.rateDist::2                     23      0.16%     82.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu27.fetch.rateDist::3                    129      0.90%     83.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu27.fetch.rateDist::4                     64      0.45%     84.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu27.fetch.rateDist::5                    147      1.03%     85.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu27.fetch.rateDist::6                     88      0.62%     85.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu27.fetch.rateDist::7                    211      1.48%     87.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu27.fetch.rateDist::8                   1817     12.71%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu27.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu27.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu27.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu27.fetch.rateDist::total              14295                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu27.fetch.branchRate                0.176174                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu27.fetch.rate                      0.738497                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu27.decode.IdleCycles                   1943                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu27.decode.BlockedCycles               10009                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu27.decode.RunCycles                     746                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu27.decode.UnblockCycles                1497                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu27.decode.SquashCycles                  100                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu27.decode.BranchResolved                181                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu27.decode.BranchMispred                  29                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu27.decode.DecodedInsts                16571                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu27.decode.SquashedInsts                 110                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu27.rename.SquashCycles                  100                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu27.rename.IdleCycles                   2511                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu27.rename.BlockCycles                  2592                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu27.rename.serializeStallCycles         3477                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu27.rename.RunCycles                    1659                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu27.rename.UnblockCycles                3956                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu27.rename.RenamedInsts                16163                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu27.rename.IQFullEvents                 3919                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu27.rename.LQFullEvents                    8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu27.rename.RenamedOperands             27168                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu27.rename.RenameLookups               78017                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu27.rename.int_rename_lookups          21377                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu27.rename.CommittedMaps               23271                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu27.rename.UndoneMaps                   3896                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu27.rename.serializingInsts               45                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu27.rename.tempSerializingInsts           43                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu27.rename.skidInsts                    7533                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu27.memDep0.insertedLoads               2257                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu27.memDep0.insertedStores               646                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu27.memDep0.conflictingLoads             157                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu27.memDep0.conflictingStores             74                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu27.iq.iqInstsAdded                    15701                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu27.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                65                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu27.iq.iqInstsIssued                   14002                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu27.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             338                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu27.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          2597                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu27.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined         9007                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu27.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu27.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        14295                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu27.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       0.979503                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu27.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      0.989344                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu27.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu27.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              7145     49.98%     49.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu27.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               298      2.08%     52.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu27.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              6852     47.93%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu27.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu27.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu27.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            2                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu27.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         14295                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               11536     82.39%     82.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.02%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               2087     14.91%     97.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               376      2.69%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::total                14002                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.rate                         0.613020                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu27.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu27.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu27.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            42635                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu27.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           18366                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu27.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        13817                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu27.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu27.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu27.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu27.iq.int_alu_accesses                14002                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu27.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu27.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              8                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu27.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu27.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          419                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu27.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu27.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            3                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu27.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          310                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu27.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu27.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu27.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            4                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu27.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           16                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu27.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu27.iew.iewSquashCycles                  100                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu27.iew.iewBlockCycles                   271                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu27.iew.iewUnblockCycles                2306                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu27.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             15769                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu27.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              64                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu27.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                2257                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu27.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                646                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu27.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               31                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu27.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    1                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu27.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                2305                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu27.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            3                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu27.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           19                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu27.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           75                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu27.iew.branchMispredicts                 94                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu27.iew.iewExecutedInsts               13930                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu27.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                2056                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu27.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              70                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu27.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu27.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu27.iew.exec_refs                       2422                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu27.iew.exec_branches                   3220                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu27.iew.exec_stores                      366                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu27.iew.exec_rate                   0.609868                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu27.iew.wb_sent                        13852                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu27.iew.wb_count                       13817                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu27.iew.wb_producers                    9807                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu27.iew.wb_consumers                   19701                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu27.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu27.iew.wb_rate                     0.604921                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu27.iew.wb_fanout                   0.497792                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu27.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu27.commit.commitSquashedInsts          2521                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu27.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            50                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu27.commit.branchMispredicts              83                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu27.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        13925                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu27.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.945709                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu27.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.531883                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu27.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu27.commit.committed_per_cycle::0         7998     57.44%     57.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu27.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         3155     22.66%     80.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu27.commit.committed_per_cycle::2          751      5.39%     85.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu27.commit.committed_per_cycle::3          928      6.66%     92.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu27.commit.committed_per_cycle::4           13      0.09%     92.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu27.commit.committed_per_cycle::5          948      6.81%     99.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu27.commit.committed_per_cycle::6           31      0.22%     99.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu27.commit.committed_per_cycle::7           58      0.42%     99.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu27.commit.committed_per_cycle::8           43      0.31%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu27.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu27.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu27.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu27.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        13925                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu27.commit.committedInsts              12670                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu27.commit.committedOps                13169                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu27.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu27.commit.refs                         2174                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu27.commit.loads                        1838                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu27.commit.membars                        24                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu27.commit.branches                     3108                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu27.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu27.commit.int_insts                   10149                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu27.commit.function_calls                 56                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          10993     83.48%     83.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.02%     83.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     83.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     83.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     83.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     83.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     83.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     83.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     83.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     83.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          1838     13.96%     97.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          336      2.55%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::total           13169                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.bw_lim_events                  43                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu27.rob.rob_reads                      29390                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu27.rob.rob_writes                     31830                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu27.timesIdled                            44                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu27.idleCycles                          8546                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu27.quiesceCycles                      78881                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu27.committedInsts                     12670                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu27.committedOps                       13169                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu27.cpi                             1.802762                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu27.cpi_total                       1.802762                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu27.ipc                             0.554704                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu27.ipc_total                       0.554704                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu27.int_regfile_reads                  18422                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu27.int_regfile_writes                  5992                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu27.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu27.cc_regfile_reads                   47727                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu27.cc_regfile_writes                  18299                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu27.misc_regfile_reads                  3332                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu27.misc_regfile_writes                   51                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu27.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu27.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           5.392663                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu27.dcache.tags.total_refs              2224                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu27.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              28                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu27.dcache.tags.avg_refs           79.428571                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu27.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu27.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu27.data     5.392663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu27.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu27.data     0.005266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu27.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.005266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu27.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu27.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu27.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu27.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.027344                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu27.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            4742                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.tags.data_accesses           4742                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu27.data         1918                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          1918                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu27.data          302                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          302                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu27.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu27.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu27.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_hits::cpu27.data         2220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_hits::total           2220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_hits::cpu27.data         2222                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_hits::total          2222                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu27.data           86                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           86                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu27.data           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu27.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu27.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu27.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu27.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu27.data           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu27.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu27.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            6                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_misses::cpu27.data          105                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_misses::total          105                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_misses::cpu27.data          106                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_misses::total          106                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu27.data      9468499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9468499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu27.data      7768000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7768000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu27.data      1007946                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1007946                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu27.data        37000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        37000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu27.data        76000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        76000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu27.data     17236499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     17236499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu27.data     17236499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     17236499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu27.data         2004                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2004                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu27.data          321                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          321                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu27.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu27.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu27.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu27.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu27.data           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu27.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu27.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            6                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu27.data         2325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_accesses::total         2325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu27.data         2328                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2328                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu27.data     0.042914                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.042914                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu27.data     0.059190                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.059190                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu27.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu27.data            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu27.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu27.data     0.045161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.045161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu27.data     0.045533                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.045533                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu27.data 110098.825581                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110098.825581                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu27.data 408842.105263                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 408842.105263                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu27.data 83995.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83995.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu27.data  6166.666667                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6166.666667                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu27.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu27.data 164157.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164157.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu27.data 162608.481132                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162608.481132                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu27.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           58                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu27.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu27.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu27.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu27.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           58                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu27.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu27.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu27.data           58                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           58                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu27.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu27.data           70                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           70                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu27.data           70                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           70                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu27.data           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu27.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu27.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu27.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu27.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu27.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu27.data           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu27.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu27.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu27.data           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu27.data           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.data      2975251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2975251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.data      2491500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2491500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.data         9000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.data       960554                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       960554                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.data        28000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        28000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.data        67000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        67000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.data      5466751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5466751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.data      5475751                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5475751                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu27.data     0.013972                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013972                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu27.data     0.021807                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021807                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu27.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu27.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu27.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu27.data     0.015054                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015054                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu27.data     0.015464                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015464                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.data 106258.964286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106258.964286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.data 355928.571429                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 355928.571429                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.data         9000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.data 80046.166667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80046.166667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.data  4666.666667                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4666.666667                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.data 156192.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156192.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.data 152104.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 152104.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu27.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu27.icache.tags.tagsinuse           8.766354                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu27.icache.tags.total_refs               529                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu27.icache.tags.sampled_refs              55                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu27.icache.tags.avg_refs            9.618182                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu27.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu27.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu27.inst     8.766354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu27.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu27.inst     0.017122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu27.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.017122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu27.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu27.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu27.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu27.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.107422                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu27.icache.tags.tag_accesses            1267                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu27.icache.tags.data_accesses           1267                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu27.inst          529                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           529                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu27.icache.demand_hits::cpu27.inst          529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu27.icache.demand_hits::total            529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu27.icache.overall_hits::cpu27.inst          529                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu27.icache.overall_hits::total           529                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu27.inst           77                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           77                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu27.icache.demand_misses::cpu27.inst           77                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu27.icache.demand_misses::total           77                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu27.icache.overall_misses::cpu27.inst           77                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu27.icache.overall_misses::total           77                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu27.inst      9279000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9279000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu27.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu27.inst      9279000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu27.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9279000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu27.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu27.inst      9279000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu27.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9279000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu27.inst          606                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          606                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu27.icache.demand_accesses::cpu27.inst          606                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu27.icache.demand_accesses::total          606                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu27.icache.overall_accesses::cpu27.inst          606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu27.icache.overall_accesses::total          606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu27.inst     0.127063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.127063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu27.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu27.inst     0.127063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu27.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.127063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu27.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu27.inst     0.127063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu27.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.127063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu27.inst 120506.493506                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120506.493506                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu27.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu27.inst 120506.493506                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu27.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120506.493506                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu27.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu27.inst 120506.493506                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu27.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120506.493506                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu27.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          143                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu27.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu27.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu27.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu27.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          143                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu27.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu27.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu27.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu27.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu27.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu27.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu27.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu27.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu27.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu27.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu27.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu27.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu27.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu27.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu27.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu27.inst           55                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu27.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           55                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.inst      7573500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7573500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.inst      7573500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7573500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.inst      7573500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7573500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu27.inst     0.090759                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090759                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu27.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu27.inst     0.090759                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu27.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090759                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu27.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu27.inst     0.090759                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu27.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090759                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.inst       137700                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       137700                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.inst       137700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       137700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.inst       137700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       137700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu28.branchPred.lookups                  4456                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu28.branchPred.condPredicted            4058                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu28.branchPred.condIncorrect             110                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu28.branchPred.BTBLookups               2506                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu28.branchPred.BTBHits                  2125                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu28.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu28.branchPred.BTBHitPct           84.796488                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu28.branchPred.usedRAS                   136                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu28.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu28.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu28.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu28.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu28.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu28.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu28.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu28.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu28.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu28.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu28.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu28.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu28.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu28.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu28.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu28.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu28.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu28.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu28.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu28.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu28.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu28.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu28.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu28.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu28.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu28.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu28.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu28.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu28.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu28.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu28.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu28.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu28.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu28.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu28.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu28.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu28.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu28.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu28.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu28.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu28.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu28.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu28.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu28.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu28.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu28.numCycles                          22043                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu28.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu28.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu28.fetch.icacheStallCycles             2155                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu28.fetch.Insts                        18545                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu28.fetch.Branches                      4456                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu28.fetch.predictedBranches             2261                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu28.fetch.Cycles                       11266                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu28.fetch.SquashCycles                   259                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu28.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu28.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu28.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu28.fetch.CacheLines                     622                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu28.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  60                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu28.fetch.rateDist::samples            13572                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu28.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.472517                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu28.fetch.rateDist::stdev           2.979689                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu28.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu28.fetch.rateDist::0                  10587     78.01%     78.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu28.fetch.rateDist::1                    285      2.10%     80.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu28.fetch.rateDist::2                     30      0.22%     80.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu28.fetch.rateDist::3                    132      0.97%     81.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu28.fetch.rateDist::4                     75      0.55%     81.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu28.fetch.rateDist::5                    117      0.86%     82.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu28.fetch.rateDist::6                     96      0.71%     83.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu28.fetch.rateDist::7                    217      1.60%     85.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu28.fetch.rateDist::8                   2033     14.98%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu28.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu28.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu28.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu28.fetch.rateDist::total              13572                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu28.fetch.branchRate                0.202150                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu28.fetch.rate                      0.841310                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu28.decode.IdleCycles                   1995                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu28.decode.BlockedCycles                9015                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu28.decode.RunCycles                     796                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu28.decode.UnblockCycles                1666                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu28.decode.SquashCycles                  100                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu28.decode.BranchResolved                191                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu28.decode.BranchMispred                  29                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu28.decode.DecodedInsts                18237                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu28.decode.SquashedInsts                 105                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu28.rename.SquashCycles                  100                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu28.rename.IdleCycles                   2622                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu28.rename.BlockCycles                  2583                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu28.rename.serializeStallCycles         2041                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu28.rename.RunCycles                    1817                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu28.rename.UnblockCycles                4409                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu28.rename.RenamedInsts                17818                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu28.rename.IQFullEvents                 4371                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu28.rename.LQFullEvents                    8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu28.rename.RenamedOperands             30098                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu28.rename.RenameLookups               86060                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu28.rename.int_rename_lookups          23638                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu28.rename.CommittedMaps               25917                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu28.rename.UndoneMaps                   4178                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu28.rename.serializingInsts               40                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu28.rename.tempSerializingInsts           38                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu28.rename.skidInsts                    8351                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu28.memDep0.insertedLoads               2511                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu28.memDep0.insertedStores               715                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu28.memDep0.conflictingLoads             170                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu28.memDep0.conflictingStores             79                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu28.iq.iqInstsAdded                    17447                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu28.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                54                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu28.iq.iqInstsIssued                   15471                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu28.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             375                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu28.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          2852                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu28.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        10316                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu28.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu28.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        13572                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu28.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.139920                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu28.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      0.980365                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu28.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu28.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              5705     42.04%     42.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu28.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               263      1.94%     43.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu28.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              7604     56.03%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu28.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu28.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu28.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            2                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu28.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         13572                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               12764     82.50%     82.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.02%     82.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     82.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     82.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     82.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     82.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     82.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     82.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     82.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     82.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     82.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     82.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     82.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     82.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     82.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     82.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     82.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     82.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     82.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     82.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     82.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     82.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     82.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     82.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     82.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     82.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               2292     14.81%     97.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               412      2.66%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::total                15471                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.rate                         0.701855                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu28.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu28.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu28.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            44887                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu28.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           20356                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu28.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        15295                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu28.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu28.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu28.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu28.iq.int_alu_accesses                15471                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu28.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu28.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              7                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu28.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu28.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          466                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu28.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu28.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            3                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu28.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          350                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu28.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu28.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu28.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            3                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu28.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            1                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu28.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu28.iew.iewSquashCycles                  100                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu28.iew.iewBlockCycles                   303                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu28.iew.iewUnblockCycles                2266                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu28.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             17504                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu28.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               8                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu28.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                2511                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu28.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                715                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu28.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               26                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu28.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    1                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu28.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                2265                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu28.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            3                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu28.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           21                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu28.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           72                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu28.iew.branchMispredicts                 93                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu28.iew.iewExecutedInsts               15404                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu28.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                2256                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu28.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              65                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu28.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu28.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu28.iew.exec_refs                       2656                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu28.iew.exec_branches                   3567                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu28.iew.exec_stores                      400                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu28.iew.exec_rate                   0.698816                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu28.iew.wb_sent                        15333                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu28.iew.wb_count                       15295                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu28.iew.wb_producers                   10877                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu28.iew.wb_consumers                   21935                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu28.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu28.iew.wb_rate                     0.693871                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu28.iew.wb_fanout                   0.495874                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu28.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu28.commit.commitSquashedInsts          2788                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu28.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            47                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu28.commit.branchMispredicts              81                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu28.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        13169                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu28.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.112385                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu28.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.609785                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu28.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu28.commit.committed_per_cycle::0         6594     50.07%     50.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu28.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         3495     26.54%     76.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu28.commit.committed_per_cycle::2          834      6.33%     82.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu28.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         1028      7.81%     90.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu28.commit.committed_per_cycle::4           12      0.09%     90.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu28.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         1049      7.97%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu28.commit.committed_per_cycle::6           38      0.29%     99.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu28.commit.committed_per_cycle::7           71      0.54%     99.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu28.commit.committed_per_cycle::8           48      0.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu28.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu28.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu28.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu28.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        13169                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu28.commit.committedInsts              14092                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu28.commit.committedOps                14649                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu28.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu28.commit.refs                         2410                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu28.commit.loads                        2045                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu28.commit.membars                        26                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu28.commit.branches                     3459                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu28.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu28.commit.int_insts                   11288                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu28.commit.function_calls                 62                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          12237     83.53%     83.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.01%     83.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     83.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     83.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     83.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     83.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     83.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     83.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     83.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     83.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          2045     13.96%     97.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          365      2.49%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::total           14649                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.bw_lim_events                  48                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu28.rob.rob_reads                      30350                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu28.rob.rob_writes                     35347                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu28.timesIdled                            42                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu28.idleCycles                          8471                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu28.quiesceCycles                      79679                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu28.committedInsts                     14092                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu28.committedOps                       14649                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu28.cpi                             1.564221                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu28.cpi_total                       1.564221                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu28.ipc                             0.639296                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu28.ipc_total                       0.639296                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu28.int_regfile_reads                  20395                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu28.int_regfile_writes                  6618                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu28.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu28.cc_regfile_reads                   52749                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu28.cc_regfile_writes                  20299                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu28.misc_regfile_reads                  3641                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu28.misc_regfile_writes                   22                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu28.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu28.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           4.829698                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu28.dcache.tags.total_refs              2485                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu28.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              26                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu28.dcache.tags.avg_refs           95.576923                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu28.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu28.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu28.data     4.829698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu28.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu28.data     0.004717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu28.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.004717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu28.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu28.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu28.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu28.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.025391                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu28.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            5239                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.tags.data_accesses           5239                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu28.data         2146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          2146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu28.data          335                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          335                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu28.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu28.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu28.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu28.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_hits::cpu28.data         2481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_hits::total           2481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_hits::cpu28.data         2483                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_hits::total          2483                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu28.data           83                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           83                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu28.data           22                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           22                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu28.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu28.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu28.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu28.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu28.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_misses::cpu28.data          105                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_misses::total          105                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_misses::cpu28.data          106                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_misses::total          106                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu28.data      8016999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8016999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu28.data      7737000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7737000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu28.data        90489                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total        90489                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu28.data        37499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        37499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu28.data       267500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       267500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu28.data     15753999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     15753999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu28.data     15753999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     15753999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu28.data         2229                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2229                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu28.data          357                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          357                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu28.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu28.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu28.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu28.data            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu28.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu28.data         2586                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_accesses::total         2586                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu28.data         2589                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2589                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu28.data     0.037236                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.037236                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu28.data     0.061625                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.061625                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu28.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu28.data     0.800000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.800000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu28.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu28.data     0.040603                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.040603                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu28.data     0.040942                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.040942                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu28.data 96590.349398                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96590.349398                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu28.data 351681.818182                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 351681.818182                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu28.data 22622.250000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22622.250000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu28.data  7499.800000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7499.800000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu28.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu28.data 150038.085714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 150038.085714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu28.data 148622.632075                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 148622.632075                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu28.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu28.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu28.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu28.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu28.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets            1                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu28.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu28.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu28.data           55                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           55                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu28.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu28.data           70                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           70                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu28.data           70                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           70                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu28.data           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu28.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu28.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu28.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu28.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu28.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu28.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu28.data           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu28.data           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.data      2412251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2412251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.data      2620000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2620000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.data         9000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.data        77511                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        77511                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.data        27001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        27001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.data       261500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       261500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.data      5032251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5032251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.data      5041251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5041251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu28.data     0.012562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu28.data     0.019608                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019608                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu28.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu28.data     0.800000                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.800000                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu28.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu28.data     0.013534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu28.data     0.013905                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013905                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.data 86151.821429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86151.821429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.data 374285.714286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 374285.714286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.data         9000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.data 19377.750000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19377.750000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.data  5400.200000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5400.200000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.data 143778.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 143778.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.data 140034.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 140034.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu28.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu28.icache.tags.tagsinuse           8.551887                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu28.icache.tags.total_refs               548                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu28.icache.tags.sampled_refs              56                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu28.icache.tags.avg_refs            9.785714                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu28.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu28.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu28.inst     8.551887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu28.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu28.inst     0.016703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu28.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.016703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu28.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu28.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu28.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu28.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.109375                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu28.icache.tags.tag_accesses            1300                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu28.icache.tags.data_accesses           1300                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu28.inst          548                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           548                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu28.icache.demand_hits::cpu28.inst          548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu28.icache.demand_hits::total            548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu28.icache.overall_hits::cpu28.inst          548                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu28.icache.overall_hits::total           548                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu28.inst           74                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           74                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu28.icache.demand_misses::cpu28.inst           74                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu28.icache.demand_misses::total           74                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu28.icache.overall_misses::cpu28.inst           74                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu28.icache.overall_misses::total           74                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu28.inst      8734750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8734750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu28.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu28.inst      8734750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu28.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8734750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu28.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu28.inst      8734750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu28.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8734750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu28.inst          622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu28.icache.demand_accesses::cpu28.inst          622                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu28.icache.demand_accesses::total          622                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu28.icache.overall_accesses::cpu28.inst          622                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu28.icache.overall_accesses::total          622                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu28.inst     0.118971                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.118971                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu28.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu28.inst     0.118971                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu28.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.118971                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu28.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu28.inst     0.118971                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu28.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.118971                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu28.inst 118037.162162                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118037.162162                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu28.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu28.inst 118037.162162                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu28.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118037.162162                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu28.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu28.inst 118037.162162                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu28.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118037.162162                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu28.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          113                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu28.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu28.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu28.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu28.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          113                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu28.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu28.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu28.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu28.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu28.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu28.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu28.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu28.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu28.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu28.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu28.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu28.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu28.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu28.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu28.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu28.inst           56                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu28.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           56                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.inst      7205500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7205500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.inst      7205500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7205500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.inst      7205500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7205500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu28.inst     0.090032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu28.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu28.inst     0.090032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu28.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu28.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu28.inst     0.090032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu28.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.inst 128669.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 128669.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.inst 128669.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 128669.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.inst 128669.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 128669.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu29.branchPred.lookups                  2804                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu29.branchPred.condPredicted            2483                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu29.branchPred.condIncorrect             100                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu29.branchPred.BTBLookups               1629                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu29.branchPred.BTBHits                  1333                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu29.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu29.branchPred.BTBHitPct           81.829343                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu29.branchPred.usedRAS                   117                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu29.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu29.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu29.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu29.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu29.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu29.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu29.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu29.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu29.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu29.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu29.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu29.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu29.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu29.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu29.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu29.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu29.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu29.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu29.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu29.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu29.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu29.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu29.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu29.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu29.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu29.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu29.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu29.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu29.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu29.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu29.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu29.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu29.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu29.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu29.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu29.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu29.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu29.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu29.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu29.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu29.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu29.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu29.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu29.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu29.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu29.numCycles                          21143                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu29.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu29.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu29.fetch.icacheStallCycles             2077                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu29.fetch.Insts                        11983                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu29.fetch.Branches                      2804                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu29.fetch.predictedBranches             1450                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu29.fetch.Cycles                       10494                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu29.fetch.SquashCycles                   225                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu29.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu29.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu29.fetch.CacheLines                     523                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu29.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  55                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu29.fetch.rateDist::samples            12691                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu29.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.040659                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu29.fetch.rateDist::stdev           2.595520                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu29.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu29.fetch.rateDist::0                  10792     85.04%     85.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu29.fetch.rateDist::1                     60      0.47%     85.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu29.fetch.rateDist::2                     33      0.26%     85.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu29.fetch.rateDist::3                    118      0.93%     86.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu29.fetch.rateDist::4                     50      0.39%     87.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu29.fetch.rateDist::5                    145      1.14%     88.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu29.fetch.rateDist::6                     66      0.52%     88.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu29.fetch.rateDist::7                     10      0.08%     88.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu29.fetch.rateDist::8                   1417     11.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu29.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu29.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu29.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu29.fetch.rateDist::total              12691                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu29.fetch.branchRate                0.132621                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu29.fetch.rate                      0.566760                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu29.decode.IdleCycles                   1704                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu29.decode.BlockedCycles                9289                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu29.decode.RunCycles                     601                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu29.decode.UnblockCycles                1013                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu29.decode.SquashCycles                   84                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu29.decode.BranchResolved                153                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu29.decode.BranchMispred                  28                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu29.decode.DecodedInsts                11827                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu29.decode.SquashedInsts                  94                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu29.rename.SquashCycles                   84                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu29.rename.IdleCycles                   2096                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu29.rename.BlockCycles                  2076                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu29.rename.serializeStallCycles         4610                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu29.rename.RunCycles                    1212                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu29.rename.UnblockCycles                2613                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu29.rename.RenamedInsts                11460                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu29.rename.ROBFullEvents                   3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu29.rename.IQFullEvents                 2563                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu29.rename.LQFullEvents                    8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu29.rename.RenamedOperands             18608                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu29.rename.RenameLookups               55202                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu29.rename.int_rename_lookups          15044                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu29.rename.CommittedMaps               15733                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu29.rename.UndoneMaps                   2872                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu29.rename.serializingInsts               51                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu29.rename.tempSerializingInsts           51                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu29.rename.skidInsts                    5018                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu29.memDep0.insertedLoads               1601                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu29.memDep0.insertedStores               625                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu29.memDep0.conflictingLoads             103                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu29.memDep0.conflictingStores             45                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu29.iq.iqInstsAdded                    11056                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu29.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                73                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu29.iq.iqInstsIssued                    9602                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu29.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             296                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu29.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          2124                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu29.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined         7716                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu29.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu29.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        12691                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu29.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       0.756599                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu29.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      0.957371                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu29.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu29.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              7736     60.96%     60.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu29.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               308      2.43%     63.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu29.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              4647     36.62%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu29.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu29.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu29.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            2                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu29.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         12691                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                7836     81.61%     81.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.03%     81.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     81.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     81.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     81.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     81.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     81.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     81.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     81.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     81.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     81.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     81.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     81.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     81.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     81.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     81.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     81.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     81.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     81.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     81.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     81.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     81.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     81.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     81.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     81.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     81.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               1458     15.18%     96.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               305      3.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::total                 9602                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.rate                         0.454146                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu29.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu29.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu29.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            32189                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu29.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           13255                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu29.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         9463                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu29.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu29.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu29.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu29.iq.int_alu_accesses                 9602                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu29.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu29.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              7                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu29.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu29.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          330                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu29.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu29.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            2                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu29.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          351                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu29.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu29.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu29.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            3                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu29.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu29.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu29.iew.iewSquashCycles                   84                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu29.iew.iewBlockCycles                   221                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu29.iew.iewUnblockCycles                1840                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu29.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             11132                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu29.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              80                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu29.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                1601                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu29.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                625                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu29.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               43                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu29.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    1                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu29.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                1839                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu29.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            2                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu29.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           15                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu29.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           66                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu29.iew.branchMispredicts                 81                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu29.iew.iewExecutedInsts                9548                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu29.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                1428                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu29.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              52                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu29.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu29.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu29.iew.exec_refs                       1729                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu29.iew.exec_branches                   2186                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu29.iew.exec_stores                      301                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu29.iew.exec_rate                   0.451592                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu29.iew.wb_sent                         9486                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu29.iew.wb_count                        9463                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu29.iew.wb_producers                    6630                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu29.iew.wb_consumers                   13325                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu29.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu29.iew.wb_rate                     0.447571                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu29.iew.wb_fanout                   0.497561                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu29.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu29.commit.commitSquashedInsts          2062                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu29.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            56                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu29.commit.branchMispredicts              72                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu29.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        12386                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu29.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.727031                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu29.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.403211                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu29.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu29.commit.committed_per_cycle::0         8306     67.06%     67.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu29.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         2199     17.75%     84.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu29.commit.committed_per_cycle::2          524      4.23%     89.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu29.commit.committed_per_cycle::3          616      4.97%     94.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu29.commit.committed_per_cycle::4           13      0.10%     94.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu29.commit.committed_per_cycle::5          623      5.03%     99.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu29.commit.committed_per_cycle::6           23      0.19%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu29.commit.committed_per_cycle::7           51      0.41%     99.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu29.commit.committed_per_cycle::8           31      0.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu29.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu29.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu29.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu29.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        12386                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu29.commit.committedInsts               8631                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu29.commit.committedOps                 9005                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu29.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu29.commit.refs                         1545                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu29.commit.loads                        1271                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu29.commit.membars                        19                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu29.commit.branches                     2107                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu29.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu29.commit.int_insts                    6965                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu29.commit.function_calls                 43                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu           7458     82.82%     82.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.02%     82.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     82.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     82.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     82.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     82.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     82.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     82.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     82.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     82.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     82.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     82.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     82.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     82.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     82.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     82.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     82.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     82.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     82.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     82.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     82.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     82.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     82.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     82.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     82.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     82.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     82.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          1271     14.11%     96.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          274      3.04%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::total            9005                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.bw_lim_events                  31                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu29.rob.rob_reads                      23292                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu29.rob.rob_writes                     22505                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu29.timesIdled                            44                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu29.idleCycles                          8452                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu29.quiesceCycles                      80579                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu29.committedInsts                      8631                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu29.committedOps                        9005                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu29.cpi                             2.449658                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu29.cpi_total                       2.449658                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu29.ipc                             0.408220                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu29.ipc_total                       0.408220                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu29.int_regfile_reads                  12536                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu29.int_regfile_writes                  4178                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu29.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu29.cc_regfile_reads                   32802                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu29.cc_regfile_writes                  12251                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu29.misc_regfile_reads                  2686                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu29.misc_regfile_writes                  112                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu29.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu29.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           4.577691                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu29.dcache.tags.total_refs              1541                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu29.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              26                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu29.dcache.tags.avg_refs           59.269231                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu29.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu29.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu29.data     4.577691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu29.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu29.data     0.004470                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu29.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.004470                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu29.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu29.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu29.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu29.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.025391                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu29.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            3386                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.tags.data_accesses           3386                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu29.data         1315                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          1315                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu29.data          222                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          222                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu29.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu29.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu29.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_hits::cpu29.data         1537                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_hits::total           1537                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_hits::cpu29.data         1539                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_hits::total          1539                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu29.data           67                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           67                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu29.data           22                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           22                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu29.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu29.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu29.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu29.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu29.data           28                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu29.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           28                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu29.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_misses::cpu29.data           89                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_misses::total           89                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_misses::cpu29.data           90                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_misses::total           90                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu29.data      6024750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6024750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu29.data      5761750                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5761750                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu29.data      1492922                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1492922                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu29.data        37500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        37500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu29.data        92500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        92500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu29.data     11786500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     11786500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu29.data     11786500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     11786500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu29.data         1382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu29.data          244                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          244                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu29.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu29.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu29.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu29.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu29.data           28                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu29.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           28                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu29.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu29.data         1626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_accesses::total         1626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu29.data         1629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu29.data     0.048480                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.048480                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu29.data     0.090164                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.090164                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu29.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu29.data            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu29.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu29.data     0.054736                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.054736                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu29.data     0.055249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.055249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu29.data 89921.641791                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89921.641791                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu29.data 261897.727273                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 261897.727273                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu29.data 53318.642857                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53318.642857                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu29.data         9375                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total         9375                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu29.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu29.data 132432.584270                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 132432.584270                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu29.data 130961.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130961.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu29.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu29.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu29.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu29.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu29.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu29.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu29.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu29.data           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu29.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu29.data           54                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu29.data           54                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           54                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu29.data           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu29.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu29.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu29.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu29.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu29.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu29.data           28                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu29.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu29.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu29.data           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu29.data           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.data      1760250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1760250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.data      1890250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1890250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.data         9000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.data      1393078                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1393078                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.data        28500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        28500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.data        89500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        89500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.data      3650500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3650500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.data      3659500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3659500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu29.data     0.020260                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020260                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu29.data     0.028689                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028689                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu29.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu29.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu29.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu29.data     0.021525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu29.data     0.022099                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022099                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.data 62866.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62866.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.data 270035.714286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 270035.714286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.data         9000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.data 49752.785714                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49752.785714                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.data         7125                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         7125                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.data       104300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       104300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.data 101652.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101652.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu29.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu29.icache.tags.tagsinuse           7.707788                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu29.icache.tags.total_refs               452                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu29.icache.tags.sampled_refs              53                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu29.icache.tags.avg_refs            8.528302                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu29.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu29.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu29.inst     7.707788                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu29.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu29.inst     0.015054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu29.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.015054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu29.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu29.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu29.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu29.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.103516                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu29.icache.tags.tag_accesses            1099                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu29.icache.tags.data_accesses           1099                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu29.inst          452                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           452                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu29.icache.demand_hits::cpu29.inst          452                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu29.icache.demand_hits::total            452                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu29.icache.overall_hits::cpu29.inst          452                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu29.icache.overall_hits::total           452                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu29.inst           71                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           71                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu29.icache.demand_misses::cpu29.inst           71                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu29.icache.demand_misses::total           71                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu29.icache.overall_misses::cpu29.inst           71                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu29.icache.overall_misses::total           71                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu29.inst     10524500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10524500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu29.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu29.inst     10524500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu29.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10524500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu29.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu29.inst     10524500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu29.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10524500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu29.inst          523                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          523                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu29.icache.demand_accesses::cpu29.inst          523                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu29.icache.demand_accesses::total          523                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu29.icache.overall_accesses::cpu29.inst          523                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu29.icache.overall_accesses::total          523                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu29.inst     0.135755                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.135755                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu29.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu29.inst     0.135755                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu29.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.135755                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu29.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu29.inst     0.135755                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu29.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.135755                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu29.inst 148232.394366                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 148232.394366                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu29.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu29.inst 148232.394366                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu29.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 148232.394366                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu29.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu29.inst 148232.394366                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu29.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 148232.394366                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu29.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          521                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu29.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu29.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu29.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu29.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          521                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu29.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu29.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu29.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu29.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu29.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu29.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu29.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu29.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu29.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu29.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu29.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu29.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu29.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu29.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu29.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu29.inst           53                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu29.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.inst      8770750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8770750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.inst      8770750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8770750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.inst      8770750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8770750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu29.inst     0.101338                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.101338                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu29.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu29.inst     0.101338                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu29.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.101338                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu29.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu29.inst     0.101338                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu29.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.101338                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.inst 165485.849057                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165485.849057                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.inst 165485.849057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165485.849057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.inst 165485.849057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165485.849057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu30.branchPred.lookups                  2565                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu30.branchPred.condPredicted            2214                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu30.branchPred.condIncorrect             109                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu30.branchPred.BTBLookups               1392                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu30.branchPred.BTBHits                  1191                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu30.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu30.branchPred.BTBHitPct           85.560345                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu30.branchPred.usedRAS                   107                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu30.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu30.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu30.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu30.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu30.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu30.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu30.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu30.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu30.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu30.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu30.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu30.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu30.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu30.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu30.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu30.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu30.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu30.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu30.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu30.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu30.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu30.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu30.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu30.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu30.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu30.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu30.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu30.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu30.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu30.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu30.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu30.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu30.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu30.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu30.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu30.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu30.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu30.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu30.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu30.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu30.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu30.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu30.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu30.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu30.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu30.numCycles                          20319                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu30.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu30.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu30.fetch.icacheStallCycles             2297                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu30.fetch.Insts                        11057                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu30.fetch.Branches                      2565                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu30.fetch.predictedBranches             1298                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu30.fetch.Cycles                        9874                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu30.fetch.SquashCycles                   243                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu30.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu30.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu30.fetch.CacheLines                     554                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu30.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  62                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu30.fetch.rateDist::samples            12300                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu30.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.001870                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu30.fetch.rateDist::stdev           2.546980                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu30.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu30.fetch.rateDist::0                  10519     85.52%     85.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu30.fetch.rateDist::1                     55      0.45%     85.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu30.fetch.rateDist::2                     22      0.18%     86.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu30.fetch.rateDist::3                    122      0.99%     87.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu30.fetch.rateDist::4                     46      0.37%     87.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu30.fetch.rateDist::5                    152      1.24%     88.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu30.fetch.rateDist::6                     74      0.60%     89.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu30.fetch.rateDist::7                     10      0.08%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu30.fetch.rateDist::8                   1300     10.57%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu30.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu30.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu30.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu30.fetch.rateDist::total              12300                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu30.fetch.branchRate                0.126237                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu30.fetch.rate                      0.544170                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu30.decode.IdleCycles                   1639                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu30.decode.BlockedCycles                9038                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu30.decode.RunCycles                     646                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu30.decode.UnblockCycles                 883                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu30.decode.SquashCycles                   94                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu30.decode.BranchResolved                173                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu30.decode.BranchMispred                  28                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu30.decode.DecodedInsts                11074                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu30.decode.SquashedInsts                  86                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu30.rename.SquashCycles                   94                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu30.rename.IdleCycles                   1992                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu30.rename.BlockCycles                  2290                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu30.rename.serializeStallCycles         4491                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu30.rename.RunCycles                    1166                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu30.rename.UnblockCycles                2267                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu30.rename.RenamedInsts                10691                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu30.rename.IQFullEvents                 2218                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu30.rename.LQFullEvents                    8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu30.rename.RenamedOperands             16921                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu30.rename.RenameLookups               51382                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu30.rename.int_rename_lookups          13917                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu30.rename.CommittedMaps               13627                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu30.rename.UndoneMaps                   3285                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu30.rename.serializingInsts               59                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu30.rename.tempSerializingInsts           58                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu30.rename.skidInsts                    4369                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu30.memDep0.insertedLoads               1500                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu30.memDep0.insertedStores               653                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu30.memDep0.conflictingLoads             118                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu30.memDep0.conflictingStores             46                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu30.iq.iqInstsAdded                    10181                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu30.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                75                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu30.iq.iqInstsIssued                    8623                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu30.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             335                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu30.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          2406                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu30.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined         8278                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu30.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu30.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        12300                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu30.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       0.701057                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu30.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      0.941227                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu30.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu30.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              7836     63.71%     63.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu30.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               305      2.48%     66.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu30.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              4159     33.81%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu30.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu30.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu30.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            2                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu30.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         12300                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                6982     80.97%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.03%     81.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     81.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     81.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     81.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     81.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     81.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     81.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     81.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     81.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     81.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     81.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     81.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     81.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     81.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     81.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     81.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     81.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     81.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     81.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     81.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     81.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     81.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     81.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     81.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     81.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               1338     15.52%     96.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               300      3.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::total                 8623                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.rate                         0.424381                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu30.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu30.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu30.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            29879                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu30.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           12665                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu30.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         8462                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu30.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu30.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu30.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu30.iq.int_alu_accesses                 8623                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu30.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu30.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              7                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu30.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu30.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          385                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu30.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu30.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            3                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu30.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          396                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu30.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu30.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu30.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            4                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu30.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu30.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu30.iew.iewSquashCycles                   94                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu30.iew.iewBlockCycles                   258                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu30.iew.iewUnblockCycles                2023                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu30.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             10259                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu30.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              88                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu30.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                1500                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu30.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                653                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu30.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               43                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu30.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    1                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu30.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                2022                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu30.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            3                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu30.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           17                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu30.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           77                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu30.iew.branchMispredicts                 94                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu30.iew.iewExecutedInsts                8558                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu30.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                1307                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu30.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              63                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu30.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu30.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu30.iew.exec_refs                       1600                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu30.iew.exec_branches                   1936                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu30.iew.exec_stores                      293                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu30.iew.exec_rate                   0.421182                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu30.iew.wb_sent                         8493                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu30.iew.wb_count                        8462                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu30.iew.wb_producers                    5889                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu30.iew.wb_consumers                   11834                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu30.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu30.iew.wb_rate                     0.416458                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu30.iew.wb_fanout                   0.497634                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu30.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu30.commit.commitSquashedInsts          2402                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu30.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            55                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu30.commit.branchMispredicts              82                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu30.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        11948                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu30.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.657014                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu30.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341823                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu30.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu30.commit.committed_per_cycle::0         8364     70.00%     70.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu30.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         1931     16.16%     86.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu30.commit.committed_per_cycle::2          482      4.03%     90.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu30.commit.committed_per_cycle::3          531      4.44%     94.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu30.commit.committed_per_cycle::4           13      0.11%     94.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu30.commit.committed_per_cycle::5          541      4.53%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu30.commit.committed_per_cycle::6           19      0.16%     99.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu30.commit.committed_per_cycle::7           45      0.38%     99.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu30.commit.committed_per_cycle::8           22      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu30.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu30.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu30.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu30.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        11948                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu30.commit.committedInsts               7506                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu30.commit.committedOps                 7850                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu30.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu30.commit.refs                         1372                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu30.commit.loads                        1115                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu30.commit.membars                        18                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu30.commit.branches                     1829                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu30.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu30.commit.int_insts                    6083                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu30.commit.function_calls                 40                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu           6476     82.50%     82.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.03%     82.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          1115     14.20%     96.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          257      3.27%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::total            7850                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.bw_lim_events                  22                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu30.rob.rob_reads                      22061                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu30.rob.rob_writes                     20868                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu30.timesIdled                            42                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu30.idleCycles                          8019                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu30.quiesceCycles                      81403                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu30.committedInsts                      7506                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu30.committedOps                        7850                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu30.cpi                             2.707034                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu30.cpi_total                       2.707034                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu30.ipc                             0.369408                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu30.ipc_total                       0.369408                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu30.int_regfile_reads                  11166                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu30.int_regfile_writes                  3811                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu30.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu30.cc_regfile_reads                   29451                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu30.cc_regfile_writes                  10750                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu30.misc_regfile_reads                  2542                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu30.misc_regfile_writes                  116                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu30.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu30.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           4.127218                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu30.dcache.tags.total_refs              1389                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu30.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              25                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu30.dcache.tags.avg_refs           55.560000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu30.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu30.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu30.data     4.127218                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu30.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu30.data     0.004030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu30.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.004030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu30.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu30.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu30.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu30.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.024414                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu30.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            3097                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.tags.data_accesses           3097                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu30.data         1178                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          1178                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu30.data          207                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          207                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu30.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu30.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu30.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu30.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_hits::cpu30.data         1385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_hits::total           1385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_hits::cpu30.data         1387                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_hits::total          1387                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu30.data           77                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           77                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu30.data           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu30.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu30.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu30.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu30.data           26                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           26                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu30.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_misses::cpu30.data           96                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_misses::total           96                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_misses::cpu30.data           97                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_misses::total           97                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu30.data      6474999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6474999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu30.data      6363000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6363000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu30.data      1461930                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1461930                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu30.data        37499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        37499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu30.data       143500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       143500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu30.data     12837999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     12837999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu30.data     12837999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     12837999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu30.data         1255                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1255                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu30.data          226                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          226                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu30.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu30.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu30.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu30.data           29                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           29                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu30.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu30.data         1481                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_accesses::total         1481                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu30.data         1484                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1484                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu30.data     0.061355                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.061355                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu30.data     0.084071                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.084071                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu30.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu30.data     0.896552                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.896552                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu30.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu30.data     0.064821                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.064821                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu30.data     0.065364                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.065364                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu30.data 84090.896104                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84090.896104                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu30.data 334894.736842                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 334894.736842                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu30.data 56228.076923                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56228.076923                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu30.data  7499.800000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7499.800000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu30.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu30.data 133729.156250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 133729.156250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu30.data 132350.505155                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 132350.505155                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu30.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu30.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu30.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu30.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu30.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu30.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu30.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu30.data           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu30.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu30.data           63                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           63                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu30.data           63                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           63                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu30.data           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu30.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu30.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu30.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu30.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu30.data           26                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu30.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu30.data           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu30.data           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.data      1794501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1794501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.data      2086500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2086500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.data         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.data      1367570                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1367570                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.data        27001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        27001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.data       137500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       137500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.data      3881001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3881001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.data      3890501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3890501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu30.data     0.020717                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020717                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu30.data     0.030973                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030973                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu30.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu30.data     0.896552                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.896552                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu30.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu30.data     0.022282                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022282                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu30.data     0.022911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.data 69019.269231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69019.269231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.data 298071.428571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 298071.428571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.data         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.data 52598.846154                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52598.846154                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.data  5400.200000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5400.200000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.data 117606.090909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117606.090909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.data 114426.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114426.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu30.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu30.icache.tags.tagsinuse           7.578209                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu30.icache.tags.total_refs               475                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu30.icache.tags.sampled_refs              54                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu30.icache.tags.avg_refs            8.796296                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu30.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu30.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu30.inst     7.578209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu30.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu30.inst     0.014801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu30.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.014801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu30.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu30.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu30.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu30.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.105469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu30.icache.tags.tag_accesses            1162                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu30.icache.tags.data_accesses           1162                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu30.inst          475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu30.icache.demand_hits::cpu30.inst          475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu30.icache.demand_hits::total            475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu30.icache.overall_hits::cpu30.inst          475                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu30.icache.overall_hits::total           475                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu30.inst           79                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           79                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu30.icache.demand_misses::cpu30.inst           79                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu30.icache.demand_misses::total           79                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu30.icache.overall_misses::cpu30.inst           79                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu30.icache.overall_misses::total           79                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu30.inst     10663000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10663000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu30.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu30.inst     10663000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu30.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10663000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu30.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu30.inst     10663000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu30.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10663000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu30.inst          554                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          554                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu30.icache.demand_accesses::cpu30.inst          554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu30.icache.demand_accesses::total          554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu30.icache.overall_accesses::cpu30.inst          554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu30.icache.overall_accesses::total          554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu30.inst     0.142599                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.142599                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu30.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu30.inst     0.142599                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu30.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.142599                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu30.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu30.inst     0.142599                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu30.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.142599                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu30.inst 134974.683544                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 134974.683544                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu30.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu30.inst 134974.683544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu30.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 134974.683544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu30.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu30.inst 134974.683544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu30.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 134974.683544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu30.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           75                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu30.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu30.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu30.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu30.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           75                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu30.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu30.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu30.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu30.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu30.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu30.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu30.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu30.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu30.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu30.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu30.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu30.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu30.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu30.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu30.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu30.inst           54                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu30.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           54                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.inst      8096250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8096250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.inst      8096250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8096250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.inst      8096250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8096250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu30.inst     0.097473                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097473                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu30.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu30.inst     0.097473                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu30.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097473                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu30.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu30.inst     0.097473                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu30.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097473                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.inst 149930.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 149930.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.inst 149930.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 149930.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.inst 149930.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 149930.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu31.branchPred.lookups                  2939                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu31.branchPred.condPredicted            2586                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu31.branchPred.condIncorrect              99                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu31.branchPred.BTBLookups               2761                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu31.branchPred.BTBHits                  1350                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu31.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu31.branchPred.BTBHitPct           48.895328                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu31.branchPred.usedRAS                   100                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu31.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu31.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu31.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu31.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu31.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu31.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu31.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu31.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu31.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu31.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu31.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu31.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu31.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu31.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu31.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu31.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu31.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu31.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu31.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu31.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu31.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu31.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu31.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu31.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu31.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu31.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu31.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu31.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu31.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu31.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu31.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu31.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu31.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu31.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu31.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu31.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu31.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu31.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu31.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu31.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu31.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu31.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu31.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu31.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu31.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu31.numCycles                          19840                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu31.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu31.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu31.fetch.icacheStallCycles             2403                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu31.fetch.Insts                        12495                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu31.fetch.Branches                      2939                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu31.fetch.predictedBranches             1450                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu31.fetch.Cycles                        9189                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu31.fetch.SquashCycles                   231                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu31.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu31.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu31.fetch.CacheLines                     544                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu31.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  58                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu31.fetch.rateDist::samples            11715                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu31.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.174904                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu31.fetch.rateDist::stdev           2.717327                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu31.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu31.fetch.rateDist::0                   9642     82.30%     82.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu31.fetch.rateDist::1                    195      1.66%     83.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu31.fetch.rateDist::2                     26      0.22%     84.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu31.fetch.rateDist::3                     98      0.84%     85.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu31.fetch.rateDist::4                     51      0.44%     85.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu31.fetch.rateDist::5                     99      0.85%     86.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu31.fetch.rateDist::6                     79      0.67%     86.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu31.fetch.rateDist::7                    150      1.28%     88.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu31.fetch.rateDist::8                   1375     11.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu31.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu31.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu31.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu31.fetch.rateDist::total              11715                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu31.fetch.branchRate                0.148135                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu31.fetch.rate                      0.629788                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu31.decode.IdleCycles                   1818                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu31.decode.BlockedCycles                8129                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu31.decode.RunCycles                     628                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu31.decode.UnblockCycles                1055                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu31.decode.SquashCycles                   85                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu31.decode.BranchResolved                163                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu31.decode.BranchMispred                  30                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu31.decode.DecodedInsts                12303                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu31.decode.SquashedInsts                 103                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu31.rename.SquashCycles                   85                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu31.rename.IdleCycles                   2235                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu31.rename.BlockCycles                  1999                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu31.rename.serializeStallCycles         3392                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu31.rename.RunCycles                    1255                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu31.rename.UnblockCycles                2749                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu31.rename.RenamedInsts                11906                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu31.rename.IQFullEvents                 2717                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu31.rename.LQFullEvents                    8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu31.rename.RenamedOperands             19406                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu31.rename.RenameLookups               57417                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu31.rename.int_rename_lookups          15695                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu31.rename.CommittedMaps               16643                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu31.rename.UndoneMaps                   2752                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu31.rename.serializingInsts               39                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu31.rename.tempSerializingInsts           39                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu31.rename.skidInsts                    5342                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu31.memDep0.insertedLoads               1674                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu31.memDep0.insertedStores               603                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu31.memDep0.conflictingLoads             127                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu31.memDep0.conflictingStores             66                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu31.iq.iqInstsAdded                    11495                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu31.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                54                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu31.iq.iqInstsIssued                   10054                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu31.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             246                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu31.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          2019                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu31.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined         7660                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu31.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           10                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu31.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        11715                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu31.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       0.858216                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu31.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      0.978927                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu31.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu31.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              6561     56.01%     56.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu31.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               254      2.17%     58.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu31.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              4900     41.83%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu31.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu31.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu31.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            2                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu31.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         11715                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                8198     81.54%     81.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  3      0.03%     81.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     81.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     81.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     81.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     81.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     81.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     81.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     81.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     81.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     81.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     81.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     81.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     81.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     81.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     81.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     81.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     81.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     81.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     81.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     81.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     81.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     81.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     81.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     81.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     81.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               1526     15.18%     96.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               327      3.25%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::total                10054                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.rate                         0.506754                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu31.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu31.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu31.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            32067                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu31.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           13574                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu31.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         9903                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu31.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu31.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu31.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu31.iq.int_alu_accesses                10054                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu31.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu31.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              7                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu31.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu31.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          328                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu31.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu31.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            6                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu31.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          313                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu31.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu31.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu31.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            5                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu31.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu31.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu31.iew.iewSquashCycles                   85                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu31.iew.iewBlockCycles                   204                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu31.iew.iewUnblockCycles                1785                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu31.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             11552                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu31.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              48                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu31.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                1674                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu31.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                603                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu31.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               26                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu31.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    1                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu31.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                1784                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu31.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            6                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu31.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           11                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu31.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           63                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu31.iew.branchMispredicts                 74                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu31.iew.iewExecutedInsts                9992                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu31.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                1496                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu31.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              60                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu31.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu31.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu31.iew.exec_refs                       1816                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu31.iew.exec_branches                   2280                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu31.iew.exec_stores                      320                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu31.iew.exec_rate                   0.503629                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu31.iew.wb_sent                         9929                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu31.iew.wb_count                        9903                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu31.iew.wb_producers                    6909                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu31.iew.wb_consumers                   13844                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu31.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu31.iew.wb_rate                     0.499143                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu31.iew.wb_fanout                   0.499061                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu31.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu31.commit.commitSquashedInsts          1958                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu31.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            44                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu31.commit.branchMispredicts              69                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu31.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        11426                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu31.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.834063                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu31.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.477516                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu31.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu31.commit.committed_per_cycle::0         7154     62.61%     62.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu31.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         2255     19.74%     82.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu31.commit.committed_per_cycle::2          572      5.01%     87.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu31.commit.committed_per_cycle::3          656      5.74%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu31.commit.committed_per_cycle::4           11      0.10%     93.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu31.commit.committed_per_cycle::5          666      5.83%     99.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu31.commit.committed_per_cycle::6           27      0.24%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu31.commit.committed_per_cycle::7           53      0.46%     99.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu31.commit.committed_per_cycle::8           32      0.28%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu31.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu31.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu31.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu31.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        11426                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu31.commit.committedInsts               9110                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu31.commit.committedOps                 9530                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu31.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu31.commit.refs                         1636                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu31.commit.loads                        1346                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu31.commit.membars                        21                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu31.commit.branches                     2220                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu31.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu31.commit.int_insts                    7383                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu31.commit.function_calls                 47                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu           7892     82.81%     82.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             2      0.02%     82.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     82.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     82.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     82.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     82.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     82.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     82.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     82.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     82.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     82.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     82.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     82.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     82.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     82.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     82.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     82.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     82.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     82.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     82.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     82.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     82.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     82.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     82.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     82.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     82.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     82.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          1346     14.12%     96.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          290      3.04%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::total            9530                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.bw_lim_events                  32                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu31.rob.rob_reads                      22713                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu31.rob.rob_writes                     23331                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu31.timesIdled                            48                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu31.idleCycles                          8125                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu31.quiesceCycles                      81882                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu31.committedInsts                      9110                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu31.committedOps                        9530                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu31.cpi                             2.177827                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu31.cpi_total                       2.177827                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu31.ipc                             0.459173                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu31.ipc_total                       0.459173                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu31.int_regfile_reads                  13115                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu31.int_regfile_writes                  4403                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu31.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu31.cc_regfile_reads                   34281                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu31.cc_regfile_writes                  12732                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu31.misc_regfile_reads                  2825                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu31.misc_regfile_writes                   38                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu31.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu31.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           4.598852                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu31.dcache.tags.total_refs              1685                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu31.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              30                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu31.dcache.tags.avg_refs           56.166667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu31.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu31.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu31.data     4.598852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu31.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu31.data     0.004491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu31.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.004491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu31.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu31.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu31.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.029297                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu31.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            3570                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.tags.data_accesses           3570                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu31.data         1422                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          1422                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu31.data          257                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          257                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu31.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu31.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu31.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_hits::cpu31.data         1679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_hits::total           1679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_hits::cpu31.data         1681                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_hits::total          1681                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu31.data           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu31.data           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu31.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu31.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu31.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu31.data           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu31.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            6                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_misses::cpu31.data           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_misses::total           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_misses::cpu31.data           64                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_misses::total           64                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu31.data      5355000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5355000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu31.data      6628500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6628500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu31.data       599440                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       599440                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu31.data        37000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        37000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu31.data        79500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        79500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu31.data     11983500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     11983500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu31.data     11983500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     11983500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu31.data         1465                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1465                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu31.data          277                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          277                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu31.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu31.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu31.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu31.data           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu31.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            6                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu31.data         1742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_accesses::total         1742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu31.data         1745                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1745                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu31.data     0.029352                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.029352                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu31.data     0.072202                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.072202                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu31.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu31.data            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu31.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu31.data     0.036165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.036165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu31.data     0.036676                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.036676                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu31.data 124534.883721                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124534.883721                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu31.data       331425                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total       331425                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu31.data        59944                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        59944                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu31.data  6166.666667                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6166.666667                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu31.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu31.data 190214.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 190214.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu31.data 187242.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 187242.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu31.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu31.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu31.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu31.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu31.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu31.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu31.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu31.data           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu31.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu31.data           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu31.data           26                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu31.data           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu31.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu31.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu31.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu31.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu31.data           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu31.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu31.data           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu31.data           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.data      1792250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1792250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.data      2114000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2114000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.data         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.data       562060                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       562060                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.data        28000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        28000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.data        70500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        70500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.data      3906250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3906250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.data      3915750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3915750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu31.data     0.019113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu31.data     0.032491                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032491                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu31.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu31.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu31.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu31.data     0.021240                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021240                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu31.data     0.021777                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021777                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.data 64008.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64008.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.data 234888.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 234888.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.data         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.data        56206                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        56206                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.data  4666.666667                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4666.666667                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.data 105574.324324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105574.324324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.data 103046.052632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103046.052632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu31.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu31.icache.tags.tagsinuse           7.189739                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu31.icache.tags.total_refs               477                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu31.icache.tags.sampled_refs              53                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu31.icache.tags.avg_refs                   9                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu31.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu31.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu31.inst     7.189739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu31.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu31.inst     0.014042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu31.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.014042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu31.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu31.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu31.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.103516                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu31.icache.tags.tag_accesses            1141                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu31.icache.tags.data_accesses           1141                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu31.inst          477                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           477                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu31.icache.demand_hits::cpu31.inst          477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu31.icache.demand_hits::total            477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu31.icache.overall_hits::cpu31.inst          477                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu31.icache.overall_hits::total           477                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu31.inst           67                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           67                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu31.icache.demand_misses::cpu31.inst           67                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu31.icache.demand_misses::total           67                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu31.icache.overall_misses::cpu31.inst           67                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu31.icache.overall_misses::total           67                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu31.inst      8593000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8593000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu31.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu31.inst      8593000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu31.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8593000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu31.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu31.inst      8593000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu31.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8593000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu31.inst          544                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          544                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu31.icache.demand_accesses::cpu31.inst          544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu31.icache.demand_accesses::total          544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu31.icache.overall_accesses::cpu31.inst          544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu31.icache.overall_accesses::total          544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu31.inst     0.123162                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.123162                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu31.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu31.inst     0.123162                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu31.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.123162                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu31.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu31.inst     0.123162                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu31.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.123162                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu31.inst 128253.731343                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128253.731343                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu31.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu31.inst 128253.731343                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu31.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 128253.731343                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu31.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu31.inst 128253.731343                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu31.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 128253.731343                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu31.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          336                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu31.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu31.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu31.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu31.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          336                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu31.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu31.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu31.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu31.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu31.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu31.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu31.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu31.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu31.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu31.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu31.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu31.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu31.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu31.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu31.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu31.inst           53                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu31.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.inst      7250250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7250250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.inst      7250250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7250250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.inst      7250250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7250250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu31.inst     0.097426                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097426                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu31.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu31.inst     0.097426                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu31.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097426                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu31.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu31.inst     0.097426                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu31.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097426                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.inst 136797.169811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 136797.169811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.inst 136797.169811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 136797.169811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.inst 136797.169811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 136797.169811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                3894                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3884                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            9                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback                33                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               41                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             95                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             136                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq          146                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp          146                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               435                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              435                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu00.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1205                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          857                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu01.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu01.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           84                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu02.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu02.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          103                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu03.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          106                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu03.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu04.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu04.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           64                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu05.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          110                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu05.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           94                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu06.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu06.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           83                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu07.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu07.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu08.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu08.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           62                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu09.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu09.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           68                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu10.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu10.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           82                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu11.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu11.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           66                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu12.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          112                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu12.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          101                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu13.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          110                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu13.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          101                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu14.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu14.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           82                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu15.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          106                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu15.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           75                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu16.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu16.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           63                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu17.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          106                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu17.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           87                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu18.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu18.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           80                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu19.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu19.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           77                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu20.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu20.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           83                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu21.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu21.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           77                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu22.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          106                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu22.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           84                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu23.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          108                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu23.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           76                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu24.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu24.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           83                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu25.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          108                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu25.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           93                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu26.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          106                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu26.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           83                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu27.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          110                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu27.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           70                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu28.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          112                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu28.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           63                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu29.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          106                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu29.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           84                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu30.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          108                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu30.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           81                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu31.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          106                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu31.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port           71                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   7810                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu00.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        38528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        27520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu01.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu01.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu02.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu02.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu03.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu03.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu04.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu04.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu05.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu05.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu06.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu06.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu07.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu07.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu08.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu08.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu09.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu09.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu10.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu10.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu11.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu11.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu12.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu12.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu13.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu13.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu14.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu14.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu15.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu15.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu16.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu16.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu17.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu17.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu18.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu18.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu19.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu19.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu20.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu20.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu21.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu21.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu22.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu22.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu23.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu23.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu24.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu24.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu25.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu25.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu26.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu26.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu27.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu27.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu28.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu28.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu29.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu29.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu30.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu30.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu31.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu31.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  203200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                             1444                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              5141                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                   63                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::5                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::6                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::7                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::8                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::9                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::10                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::11                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::12                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::13                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::14                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::15                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::16                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::17                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::18                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::19                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::20                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::21                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::22                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::23                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::24                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::25                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::26                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::27                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::28                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::29                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::30                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::31                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::32                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::33                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::34                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::35                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::36                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::37                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::38                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::39                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::40                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::41                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::42                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::43                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::44                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::45                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::46                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::47                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::48                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::49                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::50                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::51                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::52                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::53                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::54                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::55                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::56                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::57                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::58                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::59                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::60                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::61                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::62                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::63                   5141    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::64                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value              63                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value              63                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                5141                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             6083474                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization              12.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            3199750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy            2200740                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer5.occupancy             271750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer5.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer6.occupancy             330971                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer6.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer9.occupancy             270000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer9.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer10.occupancy            436392                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer10.utilization             0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer13.occupancy            280500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer13.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer14.occupancy            434118                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer14.utilization             0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer17.occupancy            274750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer17.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer18.occupancy            221744                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer18.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer21.occupancy            290000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer21.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer22.occupancy            382890                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer22.utilization             0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer25.occupancy            275250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer25.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer26.occupancy            326442                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer26.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer29.occupancy            270500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer29.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer30.occupancy            208000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer30.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer33.occupancy            268750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer33.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer34.occupancy            219983                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer34.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer37.occupancy            267250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer37.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer38.occupancy            253955                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer38.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer41.occupancy            273250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer41.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer42.occupancy            325668                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer42.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer45.occupancy            267250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer45.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer46.occupancy            241739                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer46.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer49.occupancy            293250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer49.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer50.occupancy            408897                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer50.utilization             0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer53.occupancy            289750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer53.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer54.occupancy            417380                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer54.utilization             0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer57.occupancy            274500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer57.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer58.occupancy            320448                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer58.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer61.occupancy            276250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer61.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer62.occupancy            288417                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer62.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer65.occupancy            270499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer65.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer66.occupancy            222978                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer66.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer69.occupancy            280500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer69.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer70.occupancy            344889                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer70.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer73.occupancy            269250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer73.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer74.occupancy            310677                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer74.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer77.occupancy            267750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer77.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer78.occupancy            300669                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer78.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer81.occupancy            269000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer81.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer82.occupancy            330188                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer82.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer85.occupancy            266750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer85.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer86.occupancy            297442                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer86.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer89.occupancy            283250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer89.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer90.occupancy            341677                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer90.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer93.occupancy            286500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer93.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer94.occupancy            287946                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer94.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer97.occupancy            279000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer97.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer98.occupancy            333177                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer98.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer101.occupancy           288250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer101.utilization            0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer102.occupancy           386186                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer102.utilization            0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer105.occupancy           279000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer105.utilization            0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer106.occupancy           331146                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer106.utilization            0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer109.occupancy           291500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer109.utilization            0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer110.occupancy           266195                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer110.utilization            0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer113.occupancy           291500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer113.utilization            0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer114.occupancy           215737                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer114.utilization            0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer117.occupancy           278750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer117.utilization            0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer118.occupancy           338422                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer118.utilization            0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer121.occupancy           285250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer121.utilization            0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer122.occupancy           325428                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer122.utilization            0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer125.occupancy           279250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer125.utilization            0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer126.occupancy           255190                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer126.utilization            0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
